What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-01-19	Todd-Stoudt-1	[]	Sadly, being against taking the Covid 19 vaccine will likely get one labeled as an “antivaxer”, which I am not. One should take vaccines for illness that there are no known cure for and that we otherwise have no way to defend against and that either cause death or severe disabilities and if one is at risk from it. The overwhelming majority of those who have died of Covid 19 or suffering debilitating effects after surviving it are elderly or had one or more major health problems before getting Covid. Such persons probably should get the vaccine. Others probably do not need it. I for one do not plan on getting it. I will be very angry if schools require my kids get it. Likewise, I very well may quit any job that requires I get it. If my parents choose to get it or not, that is their decision and I would support them regardless which choice they make. Regardless of what we are told, there is no such thing as a “safe” anything. Evering comes with risks and the Covid 19 vaccines are no different. There are risks. The benefits of the vaccines must outweigh the risks. For those at greater risk of death or disability from Covid 19, the benefits of getting vaccinated probably are greater the risks. For everyone else, that may not be the case. What are the risks? Of course there are risks from the vaccine itself, but there are other risks. Driving on wintery roads to and from where ever one has to go to get vaccinated is just one of many most probably do not consider. Hospitals are for sick people, as a rule healthy people should not go to a hospital. Some who are not sick with Covid will catch it at a hospital if they have to go there to get vaccinated.
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-07-19	Albert-Hall-29	[]	UK18/07/21 As far as I know there are none with the provision that there will always be the odd few and I mean in the 1 in 10 or a 100.000 that for health reason either known or unknown [aphylactic shock can appear out of the blue with no previous historty] will be adversey effected by any vaccination. But the fact is that the risk of being vaccinated is ALWAYS OUTWEIGHED by the advantage of having vaccination. However since the very, very first vaccination program against SMALL POX therer have been those that have been ’agin’ it either through, and mainly RELIGIOUS objections, Ignorance a politica imperative, the usual. usual suapects who see a plot or one of the damn COMMIES under every bed. Maybe for one of the first times ever PRESIDENT MACRON of FRANCE who like POTUS is an executive President has got it right. He has made it plain that the citizens of FRANCE will be required to carry a CERTIFICATE SANITAIRE that will indicate their COVID VACCINATION status. Those that do not have the required C19 vaccination status will be barred from certain activities, employment and travel opportunities. On the first day this was announced nearly 4 million French citizens who had previously been, to varying degrees, anti-vaxxers tried to book vaccinations.
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-01-19	Claire-Jordan-10	[]	You’re pregnant or under 16 - the vaccines haven’t been tested in pregnant women or in children, so here in the UK we’re not vaccinating these groups. You’ve actually had COVID-19 and it was very recent (if it was more than a couple of months ago it’s worth having the vaccine as a booster). If you are prone to serious allergies of the kind which require an Epipen, you shouldn’t have the Pfizer or Moderna vaccines, but Oxford/AstraZeneca and Sputnik are probably OK. There are probably some immune-system disorders which would rule it out - there are for most vaccines.
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-01-19	Linda-Bath-1	[]	Look, I am not an antivaxxer, but this vaccine has not circulated long enough to say that it is safe. It normally takes years to come up with something that will work. We still don’t know enough about this virus to say it will work at all, never mind safely. So far they can’t say it will provide permanent immunity. It seems this is like the flu. Vaccine is always a year behind. People who have gotten it, could still get it again. I read that the immunity from the virus can last anywhere from a month to maybe 6 months. If this is the case, it will always be around, like the flu. So on that note. If medically, not recommended, put the more people at risk first, or are pregnant are reasons for refusing it. As for myself, undecided as of yet. My understanding is that first responders, those working in old age homes are priority (as they should be). I am content to wait and use all the precautions in place for now. I am not convinced that it is safe or protective on a larger scale. Time will tell. I would feel better if studies proved permanent immunity.
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-06-27	David-Charles-Leithauser	[]	Ignorance. Stupidity. Religious or political fanaticism. You have a choice. Take a vaccine that has about a 1 in 100,000 chance of harming you (beyond a day or so of possible flu-like symptoms) or contact a disease that has about a 1 in 50 chance of killing you and about a 1 in 5 chance of causing long-term health damage. Doctors have found that about 20% of people who have had COVID-19 develop symptoms ranging from loss of smell and/or taste to diabetes to brain fog to disabling fatigue, among others. For people who think you will never get COVID-19, you are fooling yourselves. This virus will continue to spread and mutate, largely because of the anti-vaxxers who refuse to get their shots. You have about as much chance of not getting it over the next year or two as you would have of not getting hit by a car if you continue to run out into traffic on e freeway. Get vaccinated while you can. Once you have become infected, it is too late. I am frequently seeing people on the news who are in the hospital with COVID-19 saying they really wish they had gotten vaccianted.
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-01-19	Baron-Tait-1	[]	Efficacy not proven .. unlike the efficacy of the human immune system, which is certainly well proven against Covid, shown by good margin of survival amongst healthy people. (388 healthy people only killed in U.K. during whole pandemic. ) That’s indeed why the efficacy of vaccine was not proveable.. natural resistance gets in the way of proof. Many reputable doctors say this is now a test-demic, since winter death rates are not exactly high and flu and other causes of death have vanished even as Covid has been written onto so many death certificates. The tests are a disgrace, by many accounts. Meanwhile.. evidence of asymptomatic transmission was massively over-egged. You generally have to be Ill and coughing to spread, it would now seem. Which does make sense. I don’t take medications which are not required just to make some deluded bed-wetters accept me and corrupt ones richer.
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-01-19	Julian-Danzer	[]	well, if enough peopel take it the neveryone is protected and there are limited supplies nad limited logistics and with some people it can have a much greater impact the more likely you are to catch it and spread it the more impact vaccinating you will have on the overall populationa and some people are at greter risk of dieing from the disease than others so since there’s limtied supplies if others need it more than you that’s a good reason not to take it, at least for now we should start with aretakers, doctors, elderly people, gocery store staff, etc I wouldn’t be against taking it but young people who spend most of their time at home like me are just the lowest priority and if enough people get vaccinated hte disease is goign to dwindle out anyways so if we go by priorities the pandemic will probably be over before I get some
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-01-19	Jeff-Fisher-22	[]	Are you at risk with comorbidities factors?Are you over the age of 85?Are you regularly exposed to the virus in a hospital setting?Is there data for the long term effects of the vaccine? [hint - no data yet since it has been out for a whole couple of weeks]. I am one who gets a flu shot every year, have all of my vaccines without any fear but their really isn’t much data on the long term effects of the vaccine yet since it has only been out for a few weeks and personally, there isn’t much of a risk if I do get covid according to the facts from the CDC. Provisional COVID-19 Death Counts by Sex, Age, and State | Data | Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (cdc.gov) Facts be damned, we all must panic. Isn’t that what you have been told over and over again for the past 10 months?
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-01-19	Jennifer-Larson-84	[]	There are valid medical reasons where someone might not be a candidate (or might need to use additional precautions) for the vaccine. Some of this is due to the fact that there isn't enough data yet to know for sure whether or not it would be safe or effective in these circumstances.History of anaphylactic reactions to vaccines or the componentsToo young (Pfizer vaccine approved for ages 16+, Moderna 18+) Additional trials may change this requirementNeutropenia (a depressed immune system related to a medical condition or treatment such as chemotherapy) There is not enough data to show whether this would be safe or effectiveHaving a positive COVID test within 90 days
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-05-13	Lonnie-Polish	[]	First off all these companies Pfysier, Mordernaand Johnson and Johnson are immune from being sued and each one has so many lawsuits that they lost for other products they came out with, and none have ever produced a successful vaccine, ever. So why you you trust them. There is no raw data that proves their claims of 90–95% effectiveness.These vaccines are in the clinical trials and anyone taking them are now part of that clinical trial. VAERS ( vaccine adverse Events Report System ) claims less than 1% is actually reported and between 12/14/20 and 03/26/21 that there has been over 2,200 deaths and about 60,000 adverse reactions. That’s 1% that was reported. WebMD site claims there is evidence that cytokines storm is caused by the vaccine. Cytokines storm is when an infection triggers your immune system to flood your blood stream with inflammatory protein, called cytokines. It can kill tissues and damage organs.
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-01-19	Emily-Doyle-71	[]	For now, the reason I'm not taking it is because there are others who need it more than me; first responders, healthcare workers, and people at higher risk. But you better believe that the second it's available for us muggles, I'll be the first on line!
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-07-10	Matthew-Ford-47	[]	If your in Australia with a federal government desperate to open doors to virus once the population is a slightly vaccinated. If you don’t work in health of quarantine etc. Then probably best to wait till the vaccine is effective. These first vaccines are like when windows 10 came out. The world needs to debug before all Australians take it. When Australia has Quarantine its probably a good idea.
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-01-19	Irene-Fuerst	[]	Stupidity, mostly. Some people probably have medical conditions that make it unwise, but most people who are against vaccines are stupid, ignorant, gullible, or all three. Dangerous to themselves and others.
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-01-19	Scott-Johns-55	[]	Unless you have known anaphylactic reactions to vaccines in general, you should get the vaccine. Most of the answers in this thread epitomize why America sucks these days. People place petty, selfish, ridiculous individual liberties above the health and welfare of the greater good. Part of the idea of the Republic is looking out for the greater good. The great experiment has failed. The healthcare workers in America, are tired of your shit America.
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-05-04	Albert-Hsieh-1	[]	If you have legit medical condition where you had gotten negative reaction to previous vaccines that didn’t revolve around COVID19, then yes, this is a legit reason that the vaccine may not be the best course unless if your doctor gives you the green light. Anything other than that is really just based on personal choice and reasoning. Nobody can ultimately force you to take the vaccine. The only time where you can be forcibly drugged without your consent is if you pose a danger to the people around you. But usually, vaccines would never generally be a factor here though.
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-01-19	Robert-Bruce-133	[]	Gates has programmed it with a microscopic microchip that will reassemble itself when injected. You get the shot and think there’s no microchip in there but the molecules will reassemble themselves and all your information and actions will be monitored daily by the New World Order to determine if you are worthy enough to be allowed to live in it. The New World Order has stated that there is not room enough for everyone so beware. The twilight zone episode about obsolesence explained it all.
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-01-19	Synthia-McBride	[]	If you have a history of allergic reactions to other vaccinations or to the ingredients in the vaccine, you should have serious consultation with your physician before receiving the vaccination. There may be some people who are seriously ill with other conditions that may preclude them from getting the vaccination. That’s it. Those are the only reasons.
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-04-16	Julia-Diaz-78	[]	I do not think it would be wise to be posting publicly regarding your stance on receiving this injection. Especially those who are in the Rejection of Injection group. What we can do is pray for everyone in hopes they make the RIGHT decision. Think about it. At this point in the game, it should be clear by use of common sense and the guidance of the Lord on what one should do. Do not forget, that at the end of the day God is in control 100%, and those who believe in him, will be protected and live and everlasting life. God bless and be safe. Now is the time to watch over our children, as they need us now, more than ever.
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-01-19	Allan-James-38	[]	There are no reasons to spurn any of the vaccines. In the UK and USA we've seen approx 1 death per 1000 population. Any vaccine that caused 1 death per 10,000 would never be brought to market these days.
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-01-19	Ken-Knowlton-3	[]	Social Darwinism. The anti-vaxers that don’t take the vaccine have (on average) a slightly higher chance of dying from the disease. Hence, they have (on average) a slightly lower chance of passing on their genes, when compared to those who have the basic common sense to take the vaccine. It’s a matter of survival of the fittest.
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-07-08	B-Sattva	[]	You definitely should ignore completely all the replies here from people who know nothing but think they know something, and instead follow the guidelines of the CDC, made up of actual experts. Every person who refuses the vaccine is a potential incubator for a mutation that could harm all of us. There is no reason - not one, zero - not to get the vaccine.
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-06-25	Donna-Snavely-1	[]	I'm not getting vaccinated for a couple reasons, one is there isn't enough research on the vaccine,two is I have a autoimmune disease fibromyalgia and rheumatoid arthritis and three you don't know what ingredients are in it and if you are allergic to a medication ingredient and you get the shot not knowing what is in it you can kill yourself.
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-01-19	Brian-Muscat-6	[]	The main reason is if your immune system is fully functional you don’t need a vaccine, this is more necessary for those at high risk like the elderly who have lower immunity due to their age and also those with compromised immune systems this is why the vaccine is being given to those people first and of course to other health care workers who are constantly being exposed to the virus.
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-06-26	Krystal-Hampton	[]	You can't sue should you have a severe adverse reaction. Because my rights to protect myself are taken away if I were to inject myself with that God knows what, I decided to pass on it. I will only take it when it becomes mandatory to take it. And when I take it, it will be at the very, very, very end. I pray everyday that my job will skip my group from taking the vaccine. Let everyone else take it. I'll watch.
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-01-19	Roland-Bushell	[]	Well the very best reason for not taking the vaccine is that it will stop you catching Covid 19. For those that are looking forward to experiencing that, the vaccine really must be avoided. For the rest of us with a working brain, the vaccine will be very welcome indeed.
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-01-19	Magnus-St%C3%A5lnacke	[]	You brobably get a much wider immunity by having gone through the infection for real. Som virologists speculaded around the reason why most people can carry the virus without any symtom, if that is because they where infected by another virus in the corona family some years ago. A thought hit me.. could it be that people hwo never got infected by those earlier viruses, or got vaccine against them, now are those hwo risk getting hit hard due to untrained immune system?
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-01-19	John-Yates-42	[]	Unless someone is advised by their doctor not to have it for a medical reason there are no other valid reasons for refusing this vaccination, It is for everyone’s benefit to stop the spread of this virus & save lives.
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-01-19	Gerald-Brady-1	[]	The main reason would be that you want to lie on a bed with your lungs full of fluid and die. The second reason would be that you want to pass the virus on to other people so that they can lie on a bed with their lungs full of fluid and die.
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-01-19	Terry-Woods-52	[]	Looking at other answers and from my NON-medical perspective:You have a history of allergic reactions.You have other active conditions which make it unwise.You already had the virus and survived.You let others with more need get it first.Freedom of choice or religious grounds.
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-01-19	Robert-Nicholson-42	[]	Before you receive the vaccine, you’ll be asked to fill out a questionnaire to determine if you have any conditions where the vaccine might be contra-indicated. That’s the only good reason to avoid the vaccine. If you are in doubt, ask your doctor.
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-05-11	Tom-Smith-891	[]	Your doctor tells you not to take itYou are stupid, and can't understand that a 1-in-a-million chance of dying from the vaccine is much better than a 10,000-in-a-million chance of dying from COVID-19 (which is what a 99% survival rate means)You are a Trumper, and you let Trump tell you what to think
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-01-19	Laurie-Jones-212	[]	Cancer treatment, chemo, allergy to eggs, biologic treatments that stop the autoimmune and ignorance;) My opinion. Very interested in others opinions. I have heard jokes about the vaccine turning people into flesh eating zombies! I worry more about the children and it affecting somehow their future offspring like thalidomide. Any opinions on this? Thanks for reading my opinion.
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-01-19	Kevin-Thorpe-5	[]	I want to die in a horrible way. I want other people to die in a horrible way. I want to offer that vaccination to someone who needs it more than me. Only #3 gets my respect.
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-06-21	Chris-Bolla-1	[]	Unless you have serious allergy to something in the vaccine which is an extremely rare thing, you have no reason not to take the vaccine. These vaccines are backed with 18 years of research, they are incredibly safe despite the covidiots saying otherwise
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-01-19	Raja-Paranjape	[]	acceptable reasons: 1. you are insane 2. You die before your turn comes in vaccination queue. 3. It is in such a short supply that you heroically offer your turn to a hero who is involved in helping others a lot more than you are. Can't think of any others.
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-01-19	Chang-Pak-Seng	[]	There are no good reasons unless you are refusing the vaccine in order to allow those more in need to get the vaccine first.
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-07-09	Todd-Smith-220	[]	A compromised immune system such that a vaccination could imperil healthTo preserve the idiotic notion that your Facebook feed knows more about infectious diseases than trained medical professionals.
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-01-19	Allen-Leung-27	[]	The biggest reason will be, the now vaccines on market all didn’t pass the medical tests. The vaccines of Moderna and Pfizer even skipped some test steps. The safety is the now biggest problem of vaccines on market.
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-05-31	John-Jace-7	[]	Death……………………………. Brain injury , Highest number of injuries and deaths of any Injection 1 million reasons, do your homework its just your life…
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-03-28	Gervase-Warwick-Barnes	[]	The makers have legal indemnity, so they don't care, don't have morality, or incentive to get it right. The covid vaxes are untested, on top of that completely new, and use NANO PARTICLES, wtf would you put that inside you
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-01-19	Geoffrey-Millstone	[]	I can not believe that you might just attemp to be infected. The vaccine gives you a fighting chance. You are suggesting to people that there is a non medical reason to ignore a vaccine whether you believe it or not.
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-01-19	Natalie-Davies-159	[]	There aren’t really any reasons as to why you shouldn’t want it. Just a person’s preference.
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-05-15	Wayne-Hilborn-1	[]	Cruelty, idiocy, dense, unintelligent, slow, foolish, mindless, brain dead, simple-minded… ignorance… I’m sure there are other reasons. Republican is as republican does.
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-06-26	Zin-66	[]	the ONLY acceptable reason is that you have a medical condition that contraindicates it. EFFICACY has been PROVEN. almost all deaths are people not vaccinated….
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-05-09	Keith-Jackson-82	[]	1, genuinely having a medical condition that stops you having it. 2, Being a ignorant Tosser .
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-05-11	Ashford-Wright-1	[]	Unless your doctor tells you not to because of a medical condition, there is absolutely no reason not to get vaccinated for Covid-19.
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-01-19	John-Hearns-1	[]	I believe it is not being given to pregnant women, which is common for many medicines.So unless you are pregnant, none. Are you?
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-05-25	LX-Forde	[]	WHY??? wd i take spurious meds when………….i am NOT SICK……….duh………on GodsTruth last time i was sick was 2008. Good “”nuff reasons??? !!!
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-05-30	Yossi-Shargal	[]	None, unless you are allergic to some vaccine component or have some other medical reason to abstain from it.
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-07-16	Al-Klein	[]	Unless you’re allergic to it, the only reason is that you’re terribly uneducated (or you’re a suicidal sadist).
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2020-12-19	Billy-Lee-85	[]	Published 12 December 2020: The public, much of it, seems to be confused about what has happened with Covid-19 vaccines and what is about to happen. Let me say at the outset that no member of the public in the USA can legally be inoculated with any Covid vaccine. No one is required to take a vaccine that hasn't been approved even if they want it. The FDA has issued an EUA (emergency use authorization) for the Pfizer vaccine. Emergency use is not the same as approval. The Pfizer vaccine seems to be protective against severe disease. No evidence for viral sterilization has been presented. What it means is that people who are inoculated can still become infected but the virus will find it more difficult to get inside their cells to produce severe disease. It seems likely that inoculated, infected people will be able to continue to spread the disease. The consequence is that any idea of "herd" immunity is myth. For symptomatic disease to go away, everyone will have to be vaccinated. Anyone not inoculated will eventually become infected and risk a virulent immune response that could injure or kill them. The disease will continue to rage out of control possibly forever but 95% of the victims will be asymptomatic after the entire population is vaccinated. Anyone not vaccinated will have no protection against more virulent natural encounters which will leave the survivors with an immunity that is 15% effective, according to data currently available. 15% is not much compared to the 95% that can be gained by vaccination. The situation that we are currently facing is dire and civilization-changing. Nothing we have in our tool kit right now is going to change the necessity to continue to mask and social distance. The reason is that vaccinated people will continue to be periodically reinfected. 19 out of 20 times they won't notice. One of the 20 infections will make them mildly symptomatic. Unvaccinated people will continue to suffer injuries and 3% of the unvaccinated will die after each wave of infections. The public is not going to be vaccinated until FDA approvals are issued. The earliest the approvals can come is late April 2021. The good news is that new vaccines are in the pipeline. Some of them might provide sterilizing immunity. When and if sterilizing immunity becomes a thing, the Covid-19 nightmare will be over. It won't be known until this time next year how much risk, if any, the Pfizer vaccine imposes on large, diverse populations. We are going to learn as we go. Screw-ups are going to occur. They always do when new vaccines are introduced. Nevertheless, the safety trials thus far are reassuring. The Pfizer vaccine seems to be miraculously protective. It is probably because very few people got infected during the trials—not in the vaccinated group certainly, but also not in the placebo group either. Most experts want to see more data over a longer period of time. It might turn out that the vaccine is more protective than the data shows but it could be less. More data will shrink uncertainty. The following TWIV video of experts talking is long but current and understandable. The issue of the apparent absence of evidence for sterilizing immunity is discussed at 27 minutes and again at 1 hour and 27 minutes. Times are approximate and span about 5 minutes each, give or take. VAX TO THE FUTURE
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-06-13	Dorothea-Robev-1	[]	No I wont be getting the vaccine. Many good points made here I will try to keep it brief.I had Covid it was mild and worst was loosing my sense of snell which has recovered-I know for some it doesn’t go so easy but there are ways to treat the infections with hydrocloroquone, invermectin, redemsivir, monoclonal antibodies ,covalescent plasma corticosteroids and antibiotics.The mRNA and viral vector technology has never been tested on humnas before. Ling term side effects are unknown and wont be known for years-everyone and ho takes it becomes a test subject. The technology on itself has been around for 30+years and leads to the question if its so safe and effective why it hasn’t been used on humans before.As a researcher I become completely disillusioned about the priorities that academia and Pharma industry has in mind-its all about the money. Results have been are and will be manipulated/hidden completely if it will cost the life of a certain project/drug-look up the story of Vioxx. I also have recognized how incredibly limiting the current reductionist approach is and how little we as scientists know about the body. The experiments we design are flawed no matter how much we try not to. Take a look at the story of thalidomide.Previous animal studies on developing vaccines for SARS Cov1 has led to the so called pathogen priming where the immune system gets overstimulated once exposed to the wild virus post vaccination and results in a much more severe disease instead of less severe. This phenomenon is also being observed in people who have been re-infected and ended up getting a more severe case of disease after second exposure.A new reprint shows that people who are testing positive for Covid ling after disease has resolved have pieces if viral DNA inserted into the human genome. This happens with variety of viruses like herpes or varicella. And it launches the questions can this happen as well with the mRNA and DNA from the vaccine especially if this becomes a yearly shot. Chances are low but not impossible.Another study showed people with long Covid symptoms had an improvement in symptoms after the vaccination. Very peculiar finding. Hyphotesis suggest either presence of the virus in low enough amount not to be detected by PCR but still causing symptoms (in my opinion contradictory statements) and the immune system no longer responding to it. So the vaccine provides extra boost to clear the virus. Second is some sort of autoimmunity and the vaccine somehow restoring the balance of the immune system. Normally when I person develops an autoimmune response due the certain trigger once it encounters the trigger the autoimmune response will get worse. However when dealing with pollen allergies there is desensitization therapy where you introduce small amounts of pollen and gradually drops increase the amount over a long period of time to stop the immune system from responding to it. This phenomenon very much reminds me of that desensitization therapy where the vaccine is actually serving as modulator and telling the immune system to stop responding to the coronavirus spike protein. What can be the implication of this happening is anybody’s guess but most probably these individuals will be highly susceptible to the virus and will not mount a proper immune response in the future.Any assurance of the government and Pharma that these vaccines wont cause autoimmunity or infertility is simply a misinformation cause the vaccine has not been tested long enough for such possible side effects to appear. There has been report on sudden onset of autoimmune reaction which if course was ruled accidental and not connected to the vaccine.The shot does not prevent infection or spread of the virus it only leads to a milder case of Covid in most people. As I mentioned before due to pathogen priming some unlucky ones may end up with a much severe case because of their hyper activation of the immune system.I can provide links to credible articles for anyone interested on the topic.UPDATE: now apparently some people are developing shingles shortly after vaccination which is very concerning. The herpes zoster virus or varicella is a virus that insert its genome into our cells and usually gets re-activated later in life due to heavy stress and lowered immune system. If the vaccine is triggering one or both of those events this is really not good news for anybody’s health. There has been reports of women getting incredibly heavy periods after vaccination as well as menopausal women getting periods years after they stopped-this is also quite concerning cause it may point that the vaccine is indeed having some sort of effects on the female reproductive system or causes imbalances in female hormones. I am sure more side effects will be coming out.Adding an article that has links to all the articles that I mention and then some. Also links provided to the Pfizer and Moderna FDA emergency use authorization approval submission where you can read all the “science” or lack of it.Another very interesting article about the origin of the SARS Cov2 and what may have been the role of the experts like Fauci in the pandemic. Its long but very much worth the time. And if someone has missed Faucis leaked emails please find them and read them. Does anyone still foolishly believe this virus was not man-made and the experts have “your best interest” in mind?!?!Another double standard and made up science-if a person has had Covid and recovered and looses antibodies he is no longer considered “immune” but when it comes to vaccinated individuals lets not check for antibodies at all?!?! And how are antibodies produced against 29 viral proteins (this is how much the whole virus has) and viral RNA WORSE then antibodies produced against ONE protein-the Spike protein that the vaccine encodes?Lets add myocarditis to the growing list of side effects in young adults 16–24years of age. No surprise there and the kist will simply keep grwoing since recent findings show the mRNA does not stay at the injection site but travels trough out the whole body ( Pfizer bio distribution studies) and tends to accumulate in the spleen and ovaries. Yet it certainly wont affect your fertility the “experts” said.Antibody Test Not Useful to Prove Immunity Among Vaccinated: FDA The origin of COVID: Did people or nature open Pandora’s box at Wuhan? - Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists 18 Reasons I Won't Be Getting a Covid Vaccine https://assets.documentcloud.org/documents/20793561/leopold-nih-foia-anthony-fauci-emails.pdf?fbclid=IwAR3lxGGyapvysr69fTX2xTutVOvZJzhF9Z-4Z48TrCwjsMMLizOn7axl0vM Vaccine researcher admits ‘big mistake,’ says spike protein is dangerous ‘toxin’
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2020-08-19	Felicia-Coleman-49	[]	Well that's your decision but dont make that stupid decision and do like everyone else and get the vaccine….. I dont care what people say about vaccines they do work…… when I was a kid I had all those vaccines that people swear up and down now are all bad but I turned out good and every other child I grew up with turned out the same way I did……. This is the way I'm gonna be once the vaccine comes out is that if somebody dont get the vaccine dont come within ten feet of me and u will not be allowed in my house……. Everybody wants a cure for the virus and once they start talking about a vaccine to prevent people from getting it the same ones that wanted a vaccine in the first place says that they want get it……. I mean make up your damn mind which one u want…… when will people start taking this virus seriously????? If u dont think its not that serious than look at the people who has had it in america and how many that has died from it….. the numbers are absolutely terrifying……. And some of u want to blame our leaders why the rea6it spreading like it is, u do know it's people like u is the reason its spreading like wildfire u are blame cause u want take precautions to stop the spread……. So quit blaming our leaders and take a good look in the mirror and u will see who is to blame and it's the person looking back at u…… and u wonder why we are the laughing stock around the world right now it ain't because of our leaders its because of people like u……. That are walking around not social distancing not wearing mask or anything and acting like u have no care in the world…… and the sad part of it is most of you have kids at home some that are very young and u could care less……. Cause if u did u would at least take the precautions with your kids to keep them from getting it……. If u ain't gonna vaccine your kids once it comes out then dont send your kids to school to infect everyone else……homeschool them….. cause if your kid gives my nieces or nephews that virus and they die their death will be on your hands not nobody else's… I mean what kind of parent dont vaccinate their kids from deadly diseases especially this one…….. yes u are the parent and I have to make their decision and speak up for them but they are their own human too and has their rights just like us adults do……
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-02-12	Elena-Watson-28	[]	Covid-19 Vaccine:COVID-19 vaccine is finally here and, you can say the wait is over. No, matter how much we cover our faces and wash hands frequently, we need a vaccine to fight this pandemic. But wait, do you know about the results, side effects, and precautions of the most awaited vaccines? The trials of the vaccine have already started. But, before taking a vaccine, one should know everything about it. The first question people have – is the vaccine safe? Let’s know about the vaccine in detail. Is the COVID-19 Vaccine Safe?The primary concern is whether it is safe to take the COVID-19 vaccine or not. The objective of the world vaccine system is to ensure that all the vaccines are safe and effective. Safety is indeed the priority while manufacturing the vaccine. Trial and Testing – All the vaccines go under testing to test the effectiveness and safety. The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) set up standards to know about vaccine safety. According to the National Institute of Health, one vaccine should pass the four phases before it is used, for the public. As per the UK for the Pfizer-BioNTech, almost 40,000 volunteers were hired by the government for the trial. Half of the people have given the vaccine and the other half placebo jab. Authorization – In the United States, FDA approved vaccines can be released in 1 public for emergency use authorization. The EUA gives temporary allowance to use vaccines in emergencies like the coronavirus pandemic. Monitoring the Results and Side-Effects – The government has asked all the vaccine manufactured companies to keep track of the results of the vaccine. There might be side effects that did not get noticed during the trials. FDA and CDC are expanding their vaccine monitoring work so they can find the side-effects and results early. How Effective are the COVID-19 Vaccines?It’s natural to wonder if the vaccines against the coronavirus are effective or not. The overall effectiveness report of the vaccines is 75% to 95%.Pfizer/BioNtech vaccine trial involves almost 44,000 people. The vaccine is 95% effective and authorized to use in the United States.Moderna Vaccine trial involves 30,000 volunteers and is 94% effective. It is allowed to be used in the US.AstraZeneca / Oxford vaccine trial showed 70% results on the usage of the full dose. However, it showed 90% results on using a half dose. This vaccine is allowed to be used for Great Britain.Johnsson and Jhonson vaccine trial has experienced 66% effectiveness and wants authorization for the US.Final Words! People are concerned and scared before taking the COVID-19 vaccination. The primary concern is whether the COVID-19 vaccine is safe or not. Many rumors are spreading out there related to the safety and effectiveness of the vaccine. Before believing anything blindly, one should check all the facts. However, different vaccines are under development and ready for trial. I hope this year we will kill this coronavirus. For more health-related information, follow Health Club Finder. Source: https://healthclubfinder.org/is-covid-vaccine-safe/ Stay Well, Stay Fit :)
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-07-16	Mathew-Diaz-8	[]	No, I will not be getting any of them. Why?Because science isn’t scared of questions, lies are. Every time someone questions these products people get emotional, this is a sign of irrational thinking. This is a red flag for me.I don’t base my decisions on fear.Because of the conflict of interest from the people who are recommending it. If you stand to make millions from your advice, I don’t trust your advice is unbiased.Because I can read and I used my reading skills to read the fact sheet and the studies that show the “efficacy.” I was not impressed.It doesn’t prevent infection, sars-coV-2.I’m not at a high risk nor do I put anyone else at risk because essentially the best the vaccine can do is turn people into “asymptomatic spreaders”.There is enough research to show “asymptomatic spreading” does not happen. I’ve provided research a thousand times but people are going to listen to whoever they deem to be their “authority” regardless of what the data shows.The track record of the manufacturers is atrocious. They have paid billions in damages and falsifying trial data.Zero liability times two. Emergency Use Authorization + 1986.Animal trials with the previous mRNA vaccines all ended with the animals dying from exposure to the ‘wild virus’.Previous bad experience with vaccinesMany pro-vaccine scientists are throwing their careers away to warn people not to take any of the vaccines. This is a red flag for me.I don’t subscribe to germ theory. Terrain theory makes more sense.There are plenty of effective and safe treatment protocols, all of them have been ignored by the CDC and WHO.Because it leads to vaccine passports and medical apartheid/segregation. I do not approve of segregation and my prayers go out to Israel who’s government sold its citizens to Pfizer.Because I understand the immune system and how viruses can be stopped naturally and in the worst-case scenario I’d go to the proven treatments which are mostly natural anyway.Because the pandemic is propped up by PCR tests. The inventor said PCR tests are incapable of diagnosing anything.Because the government lies about just about anything as long as they get more power over the citizens that it is supposed to work for.7/16 Update: Thanks for the love and support and even the respectful disagreements! I believe in open debate and discussion. Clearly, a year ago this kind of opinion was hard to find, and mostly ignored or hated, but now the tide is turning and people are seeing the corruption from our governments. When millions listen to a select few instead of deciding what’s best for themselves, they pay for every mistake those select few make. Autonomy is always the best solution. 19. Because it has the most adverse event reports of any vaccine in history combined. It is illegal to falsify reports so, chances are they are legitimate since most people are not willing to risk legal repercussions to fill out a form. I do not believe in 438,440 coincidences as of 7/7/2021. 9,048 reported deaths after injection. 20. Because it is being promoted with threats of being terminated, segregation, money, lottery, scholarships, it is promoted to children, without the consent of the parents, with ice cream. Literally, someone paid strangers with candy to lure kids into getting an experimental shot that they statistically don’t need and the manufacturers are exempt from liability and once again the parents do not have to be notified. 21. Dr. Robert Malone is the inventor of mRNA Vaccine technology, he calls some of the vaccines gene therapy. My genes are fine the way they are. Hundreds of Pages of Helpful Resources to Read and Share: US VAERS counts:COVID Vaccine LandingVAERS_ID: 1141993 AGE: 19 At 2-8-21 at approximately 1:00pm I recieved my 2nd shot. At 5:00am on 2-9-21, I woke up experiencing an extreme headache, nausea, body aches, and severe chest pain. I checked my heartrate with a PulseOximeter and found it to be elevated at 105-115. I called out of work and rested in bed for the day. On 2-10-21 most of my symptoms had subsided however the chest pain persisted through 2-11-21. On 2-11-21 at 2:00pm, I visited the Urgent Care. While there, the provider ran an ECG, Chest X-Ray, and bloodwork. Test results showed Troponin levels in my blood had reached critical levels of 7.72ng/ml. I was immediately transported to the ER at the Hospital, where upon arrival they did an EKG and bloodwork. I was then admitted and seen by a cardiologist, who ordered an CT Angiogram, more bloodwork, and an Echocardiogram. After I was admitted, my mother contact the nurses station to check on me and asked what was wrong. She was then told the hospital was treating me for an NSTEMI and Myocarditis. This resulted in a 3 day hospital stay where the results of the tests showed there was nothing wrong with my heart other than the increased Troponin levels. It should be noted that I have had ZERO previous cardiac issues, or any other significant health issues. I was discharged from the hospital with lower but still elevated Troponin levels, and told to follow up with my primary care doctor. I had no health issues and felt fine until I had my second dose of the Covid-19 vaccine.  I have copies of my hospital records detailing all of this.https://www.openvaers.com/covid-dataFauci’s FOIA Emails:ICAN Fauci Emails_2021_06_03More sharing options Copy file link to clipboard Save file to My Files Get ad free downloads and 1 TB of space. Learn More ICAN Fauci Emails_2021_06_03.pdf PDF (.PDF) File size: 648.31MB Uploaded: 2021-06-03 20:57:16 About PDF Formats Portable Document Format (PDF) is a specific document file format. A PDF file is often a combination of vector graphics, text, and bitmap graphics. A PDF document can also support links (inside document or web page), forms, JavaScript, and many other types of embedded content. File sizes can vary drastically due to image resolution, embedded fonts, and text stored as graphics. Upgrade to PRO for the best download experience. Bulk download folders Ad-free downloads Direct downloads Upgrade to Pro Like MediaFire on Facebook This file was uploaded from United States on June 3, 2021 at 8:57 PM VirusTotal scan MediaFire scans high-risk files using VirusTotal. About MediaFire Welcome! With MediaFire, you get simple yet powerful file storage
                            along with features you won’t find anywhere else. Learn more Download application You are downloading this file with , version ?.https://www.mediafire.com/file/e7wi0lqjd1d5lcx/Combined_Fauci_Emails_in_Chron_Order_OCRd_FINAL.pdf/fileFauci Dossier:https://www.davidmartin.world/wp-content/uploads/2021/01/The_Fauci_COVID-19_Dossier.pdfVaccine Shedding:https://21a86421-c3e0-461b-83c2-cfe4628dfadc.filesusr.com/ugd/659775_26d788ad58e244ee8236992fe6099051.pdfPotential Effective Treatments:https://21a86421-c3e0-461b-83c2-cfe4628dfadc.filesusr.com/ugd/659775_409b4bb7107f4320be075ce1404b048d.pdf Home | FLCCC | Frontline COVID-19 Critical Care AllianceThe MATH+ Hospital Treatment Protocol for Covid-19 is a physiologic-based combination treatment regimen created by leaders in critical care medicine.https://covid19criticalcare.com/ America's Frontline DoctorsTRO & Complaint – Against Use of COVID Vaccine in Children GET IT NOW Former Pfizer VP answers Reuters ‘fact checker’: ‘A pack of lies’ READ MORE Israel Health Ministry blocks dissenting citizens on Twitter; Legal experts: ‘Definitely illegal’ READ MORE Watch: Fighting for the children – Environmental Epidemiologist Ella…https://americasfrontlinedoctors.org/mRNA technology inventor lists his concerns about the EUA vaccinesHow to save the world, in three easy steps.Dr. Robert Malone is the inventor of mRNA Vaccine technology.
Mr. Steve Kirsch is a serial entrepreneur who has been researching adverse reactions to COVID vaccines.
Dr. Bret Weinstein is an evolution...https://odysee.com/@BretWeinstein:f/how-to-save-the-world,-in-three-easy:0?r=FuWwFotRbicqY9GHyWBqDdTNNHpaTgC9And there's much more in the comment section, enjoy…
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-06-26	Kay-Erikson-1	[]	It’s Not a vaccine and it is the most dangerous of any vaccine ever used with a logged death rate over 1000% higher than any previously approved vaccine. They are only using it to keep the economy open from total collapse, by people too afraid to leave their homes. If 1 in 1000 people died or because permanently disabled form it, they deam it still worth it. Most Republicans are not in fear over covid, not hiding at home etc (thus the whole mask issue). Most Dems are, and believe the news and do not have access to the data. Technically, it’s a genetic experimental treatment.You are asking a question that has inaccurately made a statement. Taking tha vaccine has caused many thousands of deaths. In the US alone , the cdc has verified about 6,000. It is believed that 6k is about 1% of the actual deaths, because most reported deaths are not being approved as proven covid vax deaths And many are not reported to vaers (the cdc death and disability vax accounting system). Many shots were given by cvs workers and other non drs. When the patients died a few days later, the hospital/morgue receives the body and marks it as heart attack (the ones with heart inflamation called myocarditis), or stroke (the ones who’s blood vessel in brain pops/aneurysm). The third percentage usually died from full body inflamation or lung inflamation/suffocation. The receiving hospital and morge doesn’t list it or report it as a covid vax death unless a close relative comes to identify the body And puts two and two together, And knows when they got the shot, And is willing to admit the shot caused their death, And then it gets reported to vaers, And vaers decides if it’s going to be counted in the death tally by approving it as a proven vax death. Most Dems are in denial. My father got shingles from the shot and wouldn’t report it, denial. My friends parents both were found dead 7 days after they had the shot on the same day. It was reported to vaers but not approved or counted as a shot vax death because they said there was no proof that a stroke seven days later would be caused by the vax. It is statistically impossible for two people to die from a stroke on the same day, exactly 7 days after a vax ( that is known to cause blood clots inflamation and strokes). Another lady I know, her mom died a few days after the shot. Her mom was about 65 and had gotten covid and recovered a month earlier. I have seen much data suggesting people who get covid after shot one, near the time of their shot like within a few months, or a month after, get an exaggerated inflammation reaction and die from that. So, I know 3 dead from the shot & yet zero dead from covid.remeber these are all considered experiments. It has never been shown that these reduce the likelihood of covid, (over half of all new cases are fully vaxed people). The changes to you are permanent and pass down to all your future children. Why risk destroying human genetics just due to irrational fear? Most people who get covid won’t even know it because their immune system just kills it before they get any symptoms. Only elderly and people with compromised immune systems (usually with inflammatory immunocompromised people mainly) get symptoms and realize they have covid. Now thought people that had the shot, their systems for the yfirst tube are having a huge reaction and they are getting sick and symptoms form covid. The highest death rate during all months of covid, in Israel, (the month they vaxxed over half of all citizens) was the month they gave their citizens the genetic expiramebtal vax. That shows all deaths not just approved deaths. Therefore they now know more deaths are caused by the vax then covid itself. There are multiple lawsuits now.there is no reason for an informed person to risk their life with the vax and future health when drs now know exactly how to treat covid, the hospitals are empty, there is no longer a concern as we now know what to do. There are excellent home treatments that cure most and beyond that for the fragile immunocompromised the hospital know exactly what to do to keep their patients cured. It’s Not a ventalator! Those caused much death.the companies who made the vax put billions of dollars on the line to produce these shots yet now nobody wants them. So, there are massive propaganda campaigns to convince people to take them. The news tells people, who are dumb enough to believe everything they hear …even from kids on tv that are told what to tell people by their company owners….that the shot saves and people not taking it are stupid and killers who they should hate. They are offering people money and gifts. They are lying and putting reports out that many people or more than half of people are taking the shot. That’s not at all true. Have you seen the graduation videos from a u I eristy showing the section with 10k empty chaira for the vaxxed families and 10k full chairs for the unvacxed families? There is a ton of actual proven data that proves to me less than 32% of the population has taken the shot.why would anyone trust their life and health (even 1200 kids young bits died this month from heart inflamation after taking the shot) and remember those are just the Reported numbers And accepted reports. The cdc even changed vaers reporting system several months tha ago and told drs it was no longer advised or necessary to report any covid vax deaths to the cdc vaers reporting system. They gave the explanation that they originally just wanted to see what the nyne ta would show and they have their data and don’t need anymore. This has made drs aware of the cdcs fraud and coverup of the the deaths and over 600,000 cases of disability and Er reactions like heart attack stroke paralysis. Drs are the largest group who refuse the shot. cdc officials, government officials, military are all the second largest groups to nit take the genetic experiment. what does that tell you? That the most informed individuals won’t take it and the least informed do.dems are considered the least informed individuals. There have been studies that show this. Apparently they believe what they are told in the tv. They did pills and surveys asking people that regularly watch the tv and tv news like msnbc Cbs cnn numerous question. Such as how many black deaths by police occur on average each year? (Pre Biden when deaths have soared) They would answer somthing like 1,000. Republicans answered more correctly with something like 200. The ave for the last five years is 240. Police had shot twice as many white people. Dems gave the number for white as 25. Republicans gave the number 300. These stats are similar accross all subjects. The Dems tended to give answers that were inline with the propaganda from tv. While Republicans gave closer responses true to the data. They cited their news sources as several sources not on tv and research. Ask any Republican stats on the “vaccines” and they will be likely I nformed. And any dem and they will parrot what the tv propaganda says. They will say there’s so few deaths they barely count as millions got the shot and it’s all that will save us we will all die from covid and the vaccine saves us it’s safe and great and people who won’t take it we should judge and hate and are stupid people who believe crazy conspiracy theories. That’s the propaganda on the tv regarding all subjects.Most people not taking the genetic experimental shot either work in medicine and have seen the death, heart attacks, strokes, paralysis, etc from the shots. Or, they know someone who died from the vax. Often they don’t even know anyone who died from covid. They got covid already and it was no worse than a cold for them, so why risk their life. They already have the antibodies which actually work and show up, yet the vax doesn’t provide people antibodies that show up on tests. Or they just have the facts and don’t see any need to permanently change their health, with an expirament that has never shown safety or benefit. The only animal test done left the animals dead. The companies all requested that there be no way to sue the for deaths in all countries before being willing to offer their shots.
What-are-the-reasons-not-to-take-the-COVID-19-vaccine	2021-07-04	Greg-Moore-45	[]	Contrary to all the answers so far, it may not be related to menopause directly and in fact may actually be related to the vaccine. And no, I’m not an anti-vaxxer or anything like that. There is apparently a known correlation between vaccinations and irregular menses for a few months. About 25% of women report such an impact. I haven’t seen anything correlating to age, but I wouldn’t be surprised if there were in menopausal or peri-menopausal men.Does the COVID-19 Vaccine Affect Your Period? | On Air with Ryan Seacrest | Ryan SeacrestWe asked Dr. Danielle Jones to clarify reports and rumors the COVID vaccines could affect your cycle. Watch back the on-air convo to find out what we learned here:https://onairwithryan.iheart.com/featured/ryan-seacrest/content/2021-05-04-does-the-covid-19-vaccine-affect-your-period/Start about 3 minutes in: and 28% of women in a retrospective study showed changes. I can’t find the youtube video from Mam Doctor Jones, but she also discusses it. So yes, there can be irregularities. Combine that with your age, and I wouldn’t be surprised if you’re seeing either changes or complete stoppage. But, it’s not entirely unusual or even something honestly, to lose sleep over. If you’re really worried, I’d probably recommend seeing an endocrinologist.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-26	Rachel-Anderson-166	[]	ORIGINAL QUESTION: Is the Covid vaccine proved safe? I am not an anti-vaxxer. I just have concerns because of how fast it was pushed through. I keep thinking about thalidomide.Thalidomide was fully and properly tested over a number of years, according to the standards of the time. It is still used to treat cancers, leprosy, and tuberculosis, and is helpful in avoiding rejection of transplant organs, stem cells and bone marrow. The problem with thalidomide is that, LIKE ALMOST EVERY OTHER DRUG IN EXISTENCE, it should NEVER BE GIVEN TO PREGNANT WOMEN. Most of the time that drug development takes is LOST TIME. It is time when NOTHING ACTUALLY HAPPENS. It’s taken up with admin and money-grubbing, NOT RESEARCHING OR TESTING.The ACTUAL research, for vaccines, takes weeks, not years.The ACTUAL testing takes months, not years.And the only reason that Stage 1, 2 and 3 trials aren’t normally run concurrently is because of LACK OF MONEY.With COVID-19,most of the 100-odd vaccines were created within 6 weeks of the coronavirus genome being released.the tests took months, partly because so many people signed up to take part, and partly because…the trials were run concurrently thanks to governments THROWING TRUCKLOADS OF MONEY AT scientists with vaccine candidates.This is how scientific research COULD be done, if there wasn’t so much TIME WASTED. Signed, A research manager who chopped 3 months off the money-grubbing - I mean, funding application exercise - by using EMAIL instead of snail-mail. Because I fecking HATE wasted time.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Bruce-Spielbauer	[]	In the US, only one vaccine has been approved (as of the moment I am writing this). “The most commonly reported side effects, which typically lasted several days, were pain at the injection site, tiredness, headache, muscle pain, chills, joint pain, and fever. Of note, more people experienced these side effects after the second dose than after the first dose, so it is important for vaccination providers and recipients to expect that there may be some side effects after either dose, but even more so after the second dose.” Obviously, if you have allergies, you should check the list of actual ingredients, just to ensure you do not have an allergy to any of the ingredients. However, the formula was deliberately chosen to avoid any of the more common allergies that humans tend to exhibit. If fact, it is very, very rare that anyone is allergic to any of the ingredients, and that was by design. List of all ingredients: mRNA, lipids ((4-hydroxybutyl)azanediyl)bis(hexane-6,1-diyl)bis(2-hexyldecanoate); 2 [(polyethylene glycol)-2000]-N,N-ditetradecylacetamide:1,2-Distearoyl-sn-glycero3-phosphocholine, and cholesterol);potassium chloride; monobasic potassium phosphate; sodium chloride; dibasic sodium phosphate; dihydrate; sucrose. People who have allergies to foods, animals, insects, latex, and other common allergies can be vaccinated. Likewise, people with allergies to oral drugs, even if they are the oral equivalent to an injectable drug, can take the vaccine, the CDC guidance said. Included in this group are people who have had a non-serious allergic reaction to an injection — though not anaphylaxis — and people who have a family history of anaphylaxis, but who have not experienced it themselves. People who have had a severe allergic reaction to a vaccine or an injectable therapy can be vaccinated, but with caution. These people should undergo a risk assessment with their care provider. Interim Clinical Considerations for Use of Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-04-19	Mobisoft-Infotech-1	[]	Most of the countries are creating vaccines to overcome the current pandemic situation. The topmost priority aligned with this vaccine creation is “Safety”. Even manufacturers are ensuring that COVID-19 vaccinations are safe enough to use and have minor-to-no side effects.Moreover, vaccine safety is a key interest at WHO and it’s effectively collaborating with the national authorities to curate and implement robust standards to establish a platform representing safer vaccinations. Let’s have a look at how different COVID-19 vaccinations ensure top-notch safety.Expert Analysis - WHO has appointed an external expert panel that analyzes responses to clinical trials and suggests how the vaccines are to be used accordingly.mRNA Vaccine Technology - This technology is being studied for over a decade now and the different mRNA vaccines are rigorously assessed via necessary clinical trials.Randomized Trials - The vaccines are tested in comprehensive randomized controlled trials including medical conditions, ethnicities, age, gender, frailty, pregnancy, etc.Scientific Collaboration - All the research, planning, developement, authorization, and distribution of different SARS-CoV-2 vaccines is backed by scientific collaboration.Consistent Monitoring - WHO is working with health officials, vaccine manufacturers, and all the other clinical partners and tracking the safety concerns of vaccines in real-time.Funding for Development - Governments all over the world are making no compromises when spending on vaccine-related tests to ensure their effectiveness and complete safety.All the above points are making it successful for millions of people to safely receive coronavirus vaccines. It can be said that these multi-stage development processes, quality testing facilities, and large clinical trials are the reason for safer vaccinations. Besides, with the day-by-day R&D advancements, in coming times this specifically designed vaccination framework shall identify safety concerns more effectively and help the globe in achieving normality.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Frank-Hollis	[]	Yes. My mother is being vaccinated tomorrow. I and ecstatic about it. One of the reasons it normally takes years to develop a vaccine is because they do everything in sequence. They find a candidate, then ask for funding to do small scale animal testing. Then write up the results and publish it. Then they ask for funding for safety testing in a small group of humans. Then they do the testing. Then they write it up and publish the results. Then they ask for funding for a study in hundreds of humans. Then they do the testing. Then they write it up and publish the results. Then they ask for funding for testing in tens of thousands of humans. Then they try to find somebody to make a hundred thousand doses of the vaccine. Then they do the test. Then they write it up and publish the results. Then they ask for a license for it. Only then do they try to find somebody to make millions or billions of doses. That’s why it normally takes years. For covid-19 vaccines the good candidates got promises of funding while they were still doing the animal studies. They got hundreds of thousands of doses made when they started small human studies. They didn’t have to spend a year, or more, trying to find funding for each phase. Indeed, they didn’t wait for one phase to finish before starting another. Once animal studies and small-scale human trials had shown it to be very likely safe, then they started doing the intermediate-scale and large-scale studies are the same time. So they’ve spent as much time on each phase of testing as they would have done before. But they’ve not wasted time between each phase. That’s how they’ve cut the development time down so drastically. When people talk of long term safety testing they are probably referring to Phase IV testing. Phase I is safety testing in small numbers of volunteers. Phase II is testing for efficacy in a few hundred volunteers. Phase III tests for safety and efficacy bin tens of thousands. Phase IV is done in much larger numbers - of real patients, after the drug/vaccine has been licensed. In this case civid-19 vaccines are being tested in exactly the same way as other vaccines. Phase IV testing goes on for years. The other reason this vaccine was faster than any other is genetic biology. In the past a vaccine candidate would have to be made by trying to inactivate a live virus, or bits of a virus. It was very much trial and error. In January 2020 the Chinese emailed the RNA sequence of SARS-CoV-2 around the world. Three hours later one researcher had already developed a vaccine candidate based on the spike protein. Three hours for a process that used to take years! Anti-vaxxers are invited to post their pro-plague rants as separate answers. Comments along those lines will be deleted.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Brian-Hayford	[]	All of the available data points to it being very safe. All vaccines, all medicine, and everything that gets into our bodies, carry risks of adverse effects and side effects. These vaccines do carry risks, just no more risk than any other vaccine, and less than many. So far, it sounds like feeling a little sick for a day or two is the most common reaction. That's perfectly normal, and just means your body is mounting an immune response, which is the whole point of a vaccine. The mRNA vaccines started development during the ebola outbreaks, so the technology is not THAT new, and it has been tested. For the COVID-19 vaccine, the vaccine contains the spike proteins that the SARS-Cov-2 virus uses to bind to cells. No actual virus is in the vaccine. Traditional vaccines use killed or weakened live virus at a dose low enough that your body won't become infected, but high enough to elicit an immune response so your body creates antibodies. The mRNA technology allows them to use only the spike protein, with no actual virus in the vaccine at all. That means you can't possibly get COVID-19 from a vaccine. This means they just had to find a dose high enough to get your body to make antibodies. The risk of infection is gone. Once you read up a little on what an MRNA vaccine actually is, it stops being so scary. The technology is absolutely amazing, and a discovery-to-vaccine time of less than a year is practically miraculous. It will be the new standard for vaccines in the future. Is there a chance there's some zombie-creating reaction possible in the public that was covered up or unnoticed in trials? Yeah, I guess it's possible. It's not like big pharma has any qualms with lying. I get the mistrust. But not only are there a very small amount of reactions in the US, there are very few reaction being reported anywhere. Not using a dead or live virus, just the spike protein, seems to me like it would be safer, for a wider array of people, than virus-bearing vaccines.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Ian-Randall-2	[]	It’s millions of times safer than being infected with COVID-19. Don’t take the vaccine for yourself, take it for the loved ones that you are saving from this horrible virus.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Tim-Kerk-1	[]	Unknown. The developers will likely provide their research results when they are ready for use. And there will likely be dozens of different vaccine types in 2021. When a vaccine is available for you then you should talk to your doctor as he/she should have the information needed. And you will not be forced to take the vaccine. Many people are scared of vaccines. And many have very strong views on the subject. Vaccines will not be made available until governments get the full results of largescale human testing. And there will always be some risks. Just like many medications that are commonly used today. Political and economic pressure may push governments to take excessive risks with vaccines. President 45 is happy for vaccines to be approved but that does not mean he will take one himself. And if President Biden approves vaccines it is likely that President 45 will say they are unsafe. He wants the credit for making the vaccine himself. This anti-vaccine movement is worse in the US than many other countries. Possibly due to poor health and history education in the US.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Alec-Cawley	[]	Nothing is safe. Nobody gave you a warranty when you were born. The vaccine is as safe as modern science knows how to make it. Those warning of dangers are spreading their own, probably perfectly honest, unsubstantiated fears. However dangerous the vaccine may be, not having the vaccine is very, very dangerous. In my opinion, having the vaccine is at least 1,000 times safer than not having it. And with odds like that, even a non gambler knows which way to bet.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Mikka-Luster	[]	See, this is why Quora is a bad place to ask or answer such a question. Unlearned ID10Ts with opinions will tell you what their “research” (reading Facebook) has wrought. Anyone who has the slightest knowledge of this topic with balk off an answer, because there is no such thing as a “COVID-19 vaccine” (COVID-19 is a symptom cluster, not an illness, the virus we vaccinate against is called SARS-CoV-2) and because the safety of vaccines in general is established well beyond this question. Right now, a number of different vaccines are either licensed or in Phase 3 and per emergency licensure allowed for public use. The two licensed vaccines are RI vector vaccines, while Phase III has a number of inactivated, RI vector, and RC vector vaccines. Additionally, two RNA vaccines are also under emergency licensure. Each of those vaccines is “safe” from a “harms the recipient” standpoint. Some of those vaccines are of questionable efficacy in old, obese, and some other groups. But “safe”? They all are. Worst case they’re useless.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-10-19	Terry-Mummery	[]	A genetic question deserves a generic answer. There are potentially 150–180 vaccines available not just one as is implied in the question. They use different techniques in their production, they are then tested with increasing numbers of subjects which indicate the level of trust in the candidate. At phase 3 there are upwards of 30,000 subjects involved, if even one gets ill unexpectedly the trial is halted until an independent investigation confirms the cause if it is due to the vaccine candidate the whole trial is cancelled. The trial ar phase 3 is conducted across several countries to test on as many ethnic mixes as possible. The phase 3 trail has a well defined endpoint and there are internal checks were reports are produced it may be possible to apply for an emergency authority for use which will allow thenbsccine to be given to the public while the long term effects are studied. so the short term effects of a vaccine are geared to it being very safe , but with the compressed time scales there is a very small risk that long term effects might show up in some years time. But the volunteers for the trial are still being monitored until at least the middle of next year. To pick up such rare event.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-15	Mae-Tierny	[]	There is always risk, no matter how small. But they did manage some testing and it went well. I think its a lot safer then COVID is. And I’ve recently got the second shot. Its the same technology that dusted smallpox, polio and tuberculosis, then later mumps measles and chicken pox. Not to mention rabies and tetanus. I find it strangely amusing that people want to refuse the tried and true methodology and use something unknown.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-09-19	James-Gideon-15	[]	We don’t have a vaccine yet. The reason we do phase 3 trials on many people is to determine the safety of new medical approaches in a large enough population that we can be assured of their safety and efficacy. We are likely to push through a vaccine in record time. It is quite concerning however that there is a great deal of political pressure being put on the FDA to approve various treatments and vaccines prior to the November 3 election for political reasons. This is something to monitor very carefully and I would not take a vaccine that had not gone through appropriate testing. It is possible that members of the FDA could be dismissed and political appointees put in their place in order to expedite this. We can only hope that this administration will not be able to destroy the integrity of the FDA as has occurred with other agencies.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-09-19	Gary-Page-25	[]	At this point, there aren't any vaccines that have been through the full normal levels of testing, though Russia has released one for wider use than usual without that. There are some Phase 3 trials going. At that stage, there has been enough testing that they can rule out common bad side effects, but rarer ones are possible. That's one of the things they are looking for. Earlier phases are riskier, though they will have done what they can to exclude them. By the time the vaccine is released, they will have evidence that the vaccine helps far more than it hurts. That's what the testing is for. Very rare or long term negative results are still possible. Those are more likely for something you have to take repeatedly.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Sabbir-Ahmed-1233	[]	The United States has approved two vaccines within a week for emergency medical use to prevent an outbreak of the coronavirus (COVID-19). The country with the highest death toll from the pandemic initially approved vaccines made by Pfizer and BioNtech. Then on Friday, the country approved the Moderna's Covid Vaccine.Side effects No severe long-term side effects were observed during the large-scale trial of both vaccines. However, a few short-term side effects have been observed. The Pfizer and Moderna vaccines, were not compared directly. According to trials, Moderna vaccine has a slightly higher side effect. Symptoms of fatigue, headache, and fever may appear on the first day or second day after the second dose of vaccine. This symptom is more common in people under 65 years of age. The Pfizer vaccine did not cause any side effects in humans. However, in the United States and the United Kingdom, severe allergies have been reported in some cases as a side effect since the introduction of the vaccine. Two in the UK and a health worker in Alaska have spoken of allergies after being vaccinated by Pfizer. The UK Drug Enforcement Administration recommends that people with anaphylaxis or severe allergies to certain foods or drugs not be vaccinated. You may find this article helpful-Pfizer and Moderna COVID Vaccines: Mismatch & SimilaritiesVisit apresentworld for up-to-the-date news, breaking news, feature stories.https://www.atpresentworld.com/2020/12/pfizer-and-moderna-covid-vaccines.html?m=1
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Wayne-836	[]	I’ve given this issue a lot of thought and I do believe that with the information currently available the vaccines are safe. To be clear, there is no long term data on the vaccines. We do not know what the side effects of the vaccine could be years/decades from now. This is especially true since this method of vaccine creation is novel. So like anything in life there is a certain amount of risk. You don’t know what could happen. The thing is, however, there is no evidence to suggest something bad could happen. You can spend your entire life wondering “what if” about every possible decision. Should I drive across a bridge to get to work today? In theory, we don’t know that the bridge will hold. It is possible you driving over that bridge could cause it collapse. However, engineers constructed that bridge using established principles and based upon the data we have so far that bridge isn’t going to collapse. Yet bridges can and do collapse. New bridges, constructed in ways, have collapsed because there were factors unaccounted for in the theory used to design the bridge. The example I’m thinking of involves resonance, but that’s a topic for another time. However, to be clear, there are also unknowns and risks to Covid itself. Quite a list in fact:It has a higher mortality rate than the flu.Young people can and do get sick from it.Some people have symptoms that persist for monthsIt causes inflammation in the brain similar to that caused by diseases like Parkinson’s.There are no longer term studies done to show the effects of Covid on a human either. Is it possible that getting Covid in your 30’s could lead to an increase rate of dementia in your later years? Could it cause future problems with your lungs or other brain related problems? Ask people who have had the chicken pox. You have it once as a child and it goes away. It resurfaces later in life as shingles. I had shingles when I was 29. It sucks. Imagine having it when you’re 80. Just like the vaccine, getting Covid comes with a certain amount of risks. Your duty as an informed individual is to decide which set of risks you’re okay with. If you…have no history of allergic reactions to vaccineshave no history of anaphylaxis.have a job that requires you to be around peopleI think it’s pretty clear there is less risk in just getting the vaccine. Twice. Make sure you take it twice, because after the first dose the antibodies will decline in your system over time. It takes two doses to produce enough antibodies that persist to grant you the protective effects of the vaccine. For those of you who are unsure, this vaccine does not inject you with any form of the virus. An mRNA vaccine injects you with a molecule which triggers your cells to produce a specific protein which mimics the shape of the covid virus. In specific, it creates the spiked “corona” part of the virus. Using this your body learns how to deal with the virus. Unfortunately, we live in a world where there are no perfect choices. Some choices are objectively better than others though. Get the vaccine.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-02-11	Harry-Kriewaldt	[]	I trust the covid vaccines, yes. I do so because some of the most intelligent people on the planet have been involved in developing them, and these vaccines have (in the most part) been developed with more scrutiny than most. The fact that there are a few side effects doesn’t surprise me. Most vaccines have some sort of side effects, since your immune system is responding to the new arrival.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	C-S-Friedman	[]	Nope. Feel free to step on out of line and hang out with the unicorns while the rest of us get ours.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-11-19	Naomi-Altman	[]	During the vaccine trial, about half the volunteers got the vaccine. That is over 20,000 people. So far, no serious side effects have been attributed to the vaccine. So, in the study population and for the time post-vaccination covered by the trial (say about 2 months on average) the vaccine seems to be safe. We cannot know the long-term safety, because the disease has been around less than 12 months and the vaccine for a much shorter time. We cannot know if it is safe for everyone because the volunteers must have been screened and we do not know the inclusion criteria. However, I will get into line just as soon as it is available to people in my demographic. At worst, I will be a “volunteer” in a more extended stage 3 trial. At best, I and the people I interact with will be afforded some degree of protection against a deadly disease with horrible long-term morbidities. If there are long term safety issues, I am sure the medical research community will start tackling them as soon as they start to arise.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-11-19	Bernard-Peek	[]	No medical intervention ever is, has or could be guaranteed 100% safe for everyone for all time. We can reasonably confidently say that taking an approved vaccine will be safer than not taking the vaccine for almost everyone. If you don’t already know that you have reacted badly to a vaccine in the past then taking the vaccine will always be the safer choice. If you have reacted badly to a vaccine in the past your doctor should be able to tell you whether any particular vaccine has anything in common with one that you had problems with. In this context aches and a slight fever for a couple of days does not constitute a bad reaction to a vaccine.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Bob-McCown-1	[]	What do you mean by “safe”? Do you mean that there is actually no chance that anybody ever will have a bad reaction, or get sick following the vaccine as a coincidence? No. It is safer than getting the disease? Probably so, and probably keeps one from infecting one’s grandparents who have about a 25% chance of dying from the disease. The only thing I could ever guarantee my patients over the course of my career is that they would eventually get sick and die.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Adam-Wu-3	[]	Safety is relative. The question that needs to be asked is which is SAFER, taking the vaccine, or not taking the vaccine, with COVID19 now endemic in many populations.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-02-11	Beth-Morrison-8	[]	I just had my second Covid 19 vaccine. I got the Pfizer, which apparently has fewer side effects than the Moderna, but you can have side effects with either. Yes, I trust it. Much better to have a few hours or a couple of days of a sore arm, headache, or a fever, than to contract Covid 19. No one can predict who will have a severe case of the virus; who will have life long impacts from the virus (this scares me the most); or to whom you might accidentally transmit the virus from hell. For the foreseeable future, I’ll continue double masking in public, but I’m glad I got my 2nd shot despite the logistical nightmare. I had no side effects. As soon as you’re eligible in your state, try to get it. It might take persistence, but you’ll be relieved when it’s over.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-02-12	Ray-Bishop-43	[]	Nothing is without any risk at all, so the strict answer is no. But I assume you mean “Are Covid 19 vaccines safe enough to be used?” The answer to that is emphatically yes; they've had all the usual tests and if you'll take any medicine you should take the vaccine.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-20	Liang-Hai-Sie	[]	Yes, apart from the usual local swelling, redness and pain, also fatigue, some fever, muscular and headaches, quite safe. Pfizer-BioNTech 10.3 cases of anaphylactoid reactions per million vaccinations, no deaths. Is higher than the usual 1.3 per million in childhood vaccinations. Moderna: only reported in Europe: between 20% (university hospital staff in Münster, Germany) to 80% (Dutch GPs and their staff) of young healthy healthcare worker reported sick for a few days after their vaccination due to severe “flu” like symptoms. Have led to staffing problems. AstraZenecaOxfort ChAdOx1 vaccine: extremely low incidence of blood clots, after millions of vaccinations 22 cases of lung emboli and 21 cases of thrombosis, 0.00038%, normal background incidence for lung emboli is 60 to 70 per 100,000 thrombosis one in 1,000 to 1,500. It’s being investigated because of concomittant low platelets and bleeding tendencies, now considered to be dissiminated intravascular coagulation DIC, very, very unusual, and 7 cases of blood clots in weird places like the big veins (sinuses) around the brain.https://www.nhlbi.nih.gov/health-topics/disseminated-intravascular-coagulation Diagnosis and treatment of disseminated intravascular coagulation (DIC) according to four DIC guidelinesDisseminated intravascular coagulation (DIC) is categorized into bleeding, organ failure, massive bleeding, and non-symptomatic types according to the sum of vectors for hypercoagulation and hyperfibrinolysis. The British Committee for Standards in Haematology, ...https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4267589/
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-27	John-Carrick-22	[]	Tens of millions have taken the four most popular vaccines in use in Weastern countries without a single death. Covid has killed people by the hundreds of thousands all over the world. Which one should you be afraid of?
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-04-01	Nigel-Arnot	[]	[Please note this question has been edited since I wrote this answer. The original question is in small faint grey text immediately above] Nothing can ever be proved completely safe. The right question here, is which do you take your chances with? The vaccine, or the virus? As far as I am aware, no vaccine has ever had consequences which only became apparent years later. There is no way to know yet about this one without a time machine. On the other hand several viruses do have such delayed consequences. Chickenpox can give rise to shingles, decades later. The Spanish flu sometimes caused Parkinson's disease, again decades later. ISTR reading there is a statistical link between measles in childhood and diabetes in later life. And any respiratory infection or chemical agent which scars your lungs, can blight your later life even if you do not notice it immediately after recovery. Severe Covid does cause such lung damage. Its effect on other organs may be just as bad. If you are young and healthy you might rationally decide to wait a few months while older people than yourself get vaccinated. They have more to fear from the virus. You can gain confidence if the vaccine causes hundreds of millions of them no great harm over a time scale of, say, six months. Waiting (say) a decade means it is very probable that the virus gets you first. Thalidomide revealed something that was either unknown or overlooked back then, that a developing foetus is extremely vulnerable to chemical influences. It was not a long term effect. The damage would have been apparent within weeks, had anybody looked, but it was revealed only months later when the babies were born. (Back then, looking would have meant high X ray doses which were known to be bad for babies and mothers alike). Since then all drugs have been intensively tested for teratogenic effects on a range of animals, and pregnant women are advised to avoid all medication not strictly necessary. Also many beverages and some foods. Incidentally Thalidomide - Wikipedia is back in use (prescription only!) since 1998, because it was and is very effective! Its obviously safe for men, and for women who cannot conceive. I don't know what is the medical/ethical attitude for fertile women who might benefit from taking it. Also incidentally, we vaccinate children against Rubella because it causes much the same as Thalidomide did if a woman catches it in early pregnancy. Otherwise its not a serious illness.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-08-19	Poonam-Mishra-236	[]	Offcourse it should be safe, that is why trials are going on. and yes as it a pandemic disease it should be free or must be available in less price.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Chris-Gabel-1	[]	We are fortunate that several companies were able to quickly develop vaccines and then get them through the clinical trial process efficiently. Having previous experience with a coronavirus vaccine for SARS, and one for dogs probably was done help. The mRNA techniques were also in place. It all looks hopeful but it will be months before the vaccine can get to most people. I will be waiting to get it as soon as possible after those most in need get their shots.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-28	Ronnie-Hoye-1	[]	The flu jab doesn’t guarantee that you won’t get it, but it reduces the risk considerably. No drug, medicine or vaccine is 100% safe for everyone. E.g. I’m allergic to Penicillin. Take a readily available thing like Asprin, somebody, somewhere will have an adverse reaction, but does that mean we should stop manufacturing it? No! Without doubt the Covid vaccine will be the same, but I for one will have it at the earliest opportunity.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Scott-Crandall-7	[]	God some people write some long answers to this question! And half of them you realize they don't even know what they're talking about. And those that do think they know what they're talking about or even worse off. Listen I put a lot of harmful chemicals in my body not knowing what they were. And I'm not afraid of getting a little vaccine. I'm not really afraid of getting covid but I will get the vaccine and I'm glad all these people won't because that means I'll just to get it sooner than they will. I'm because I have family that live in foreign countries. And if I want to go visit them I'm pretty damn sure that airlines will require that you have the vaccine and also to enter the foreign countries you will have to have the vaccine. Also my mom wants me to get the vaccine which is very important to me.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Guy-Lancaster-4	[]	In the UK, on one hand 67000 have died from COVID, on the other the Oxford vaccine has passed Phase III trial - no ill effects and good immmunity from symptomatic COVID. Take your pick! I would have been worried about Sputnik vaccine which was released before it passed Phase III trials.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	James-T-Bawden	[]	Thank you, my friend, for asking me to reply to your excellent question. I think it was due, in large part, to the global pandemic of horrific congenital birth defects at the use of Thalidomide that prompted the Food and Drug Administration to thoroughly test all medications…before those medications are allowed for public use. These vaccines have been urgently created, as the the mortality rate of this global pandemic is so pernicious. Yet, the FDA has publicly announced they will not allow any Covid-19 vaccine, that contains “side effects that prove to be troublesome.” Every vaccine in current use has completed three phases of clinical trials…under the direct oversight of the FDA, A minimum of thirty to fifty thousand human beings…volunteers, all of them…were injected with these vaccines, and carefully monitored for safety, and antibody development. The results of these clinical trials were submitted to the FDA for review, and hopefully approval. I attribute the rapidity of the creation of these vaccines to a number of factors. Governments of nations have poured countless hundreds of millions of dollars into Covid-19 research. I dare say…had that same amount of money been invested for the research of any other illness…we would witness the same spectacular results. Research scientists. immunologists, infectious disease experts, and molecular biologists are learning about viruses in general…and Covid-19 in particular…every hour. Think of knowledge as like building blocks our kids play with. One block is stacked upon another…then another…then another. We did not start at “Ground Zero”….when an attempt was made to create a vaccine for the novel coronavirus. Medical science has been creating vaccines…ever since 1796…when Jenner created the first Small Pox vaccine. Scientists and medical professionals do not forget what has been learned…ever. They simply continue to add to their vast reservoir of knowledge…Just like kids with building blocks. Lastly, we need to acknowledge the significant contributions of the Computer…in greatly accelerating the research efforts. Tabulating results that used to take years…is done in only a few minutes. I agree with you, the formulation of Covid-19 vaccines have been rushed…with a dire sense of urgency. Yet, no “shortcuts” were taken. The safety and efficacy of each vaccine allowed for emergency use, has been carefully tested, monitored, and reviewed…before the first member of the general public was allowed to be inoculated. I promise you…the very minute they allow seventy-one year old men to be inoculated with a Covid-19 vaccine…I hope to be first in line…with my shirt sleeve rolled up. I hope you have a wonderful new year, my friend.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-02-18	Dave-Montella	[]	I may not be qualified to answer this but I have always had an interest in the genetic code, back to my highschool days, when I wrote about the double helix, DNA, RNA and Watson and Crick. So with this in mind, what I can discern, is that; vaccines are not antibiotics. Antibiotics work on infections caused by organisms such as bacteria. Vaccines work on viruses. Viruses are not alive the have been thought of as being on the edge of life and chemistry. Viruses are much smaller than bacteria. Most are submicroscopic but all have a protein coat and a core of genetic material, either RNA or DNA. Unlike bacteria, viruses are not alive except for their DNA or RNA and one life process, which is reproduction. Viruses can't survive without a host. They are too small to fight cells, but they do attach themselves to cells and reprogram them to make new viruses until the cells burst and die, or until the cells turn malignant or cancerous. Covid-19 vaccines have mRNA in them, that will unzip your dna sphericals and forming infected cells that produce small proteins that fool your body's immune defense to produce certain antibodies. Virally infected cells produce and release small proteins called ‘interferons’, which play a role in immune protection against viruses. ‘Interferons’ prevent replication of viruses, by directly interfering with their ability to replicate within an infected cell. I believe that there are a lot of issues being disputed about whether the vaccines are safe and most seem to center around; whether or not the cell's natural ability, to recognize and defend against organisms, which produce disease, becomes compromised. One dispute centers around evidence that the Covid-19 Vaccine has caused cytokine storms in some people, that compromised their immune system, causing complications that are more deadly than the disease itself. A cytokine storm means a cell pathway has been turned on, leading to the production of a number of biological mediators (or signal transmitters) that cause changes to the body and interfere with normal cell function. Commonly, this means an excessive number of cytokines are released, which create high levels of inflammation, that can be fatal. Please feel free to correct me if I am wrong.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-18	Bill-Reid-9	[]	What are your thoughts on the Coronavirus/Covid vaccine? Is it safe right now? A few preliminary notes:There is no ‘the vaccine'. There are several currently in general use. The Moderna, Pfizer and Johnson and Johnson products are being distributed and administered based on an FDA issued emergency use authorization, which is not the same as FDA approval.Any thoughts I might have on the safety of any of the three vaccines listed above are irrelevant. We have phase 3 research data supporting the release of the vaccines based on their established safety and efficacy profiles.Finally, all medical interventions have an inherent risk/benefit ratio. Currently, that ratio falls heavily on the side of vaccination as soon as possible. Very heavily. Our ongoing phase 3 test/research data indicate that the above vaccines are among the cleanest, safest and most effective vaccines ever developed. Consider, please, the following: Contemporary vaccine tech has saved more lives and reduced more human suffering than all the advances of 20th century medicine combined. And one final note: Covid ain't safe, that's for certain. About 30 percent of those infected are dealing with long term sequelae including cardiomyopathy, renal function impairment, central nervous system issues and other problems. This is the sordid, hidden underbelly of the pandemic, and will ultimately prove more costly than the deaths
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-06-16	Amarjeet-Kunal	[]	Covid-19 Vaccination | HealthcocoGovernment Covid -Helpline Number, Toll-Free, Helpline Email ID. Know about Cowin 2.0, List of Covid-19 Vaccination centres/hospitals in India | Healthcocohttps://www.healthcoco.com/coronavirus/covid-19-vaccinationNumber of Covid Cases: A Quick Update As per the Union health ministry, the country recorded 1,31,968 new Covid-19 cases in the last 24 hours, bringing the total number of infected patients to 1,30,60,542. Maharashtra on Thursday reported 56,286 new Covid-19 cases, 36,130 recoveries, and 376 deaths. The latest report by the state health department states that Maharashtra will cross 1.1 million by April 30 if the cases increase at the same rate. India's Vaccine Coverage According to the data shared by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, over nine crores of vaccine doses have been given so far, with nearly 30 Lakh vaccine doses given in the last 24 hours. Covishield or Covaxin - Which vaccine to take? In India, the Covishield vaccine and the Covaxin vaccine are the two available for commercial use. Explaining in detail about the vaccination, Dr. Sameer Gupta, Director, Cardiac Cath Lab, Metro Group of Hospital, MD, Aurum Senior, and Assisted Living said, "The Covishield is a DNA vaccine which codes for the spike protein whereas the Covaxin produces antibodies against many regions of the complete virus. This is a fully inactivated virus. Both the vaccines do an effective job of preventing severe infection, hospitalization and we should be ready to take whichever one is available to us when the time comes." Are COVID vaccines safe? Vaccines have helped in the eradication of multiple diseases for years but are COVID vaccines safe? "Now, once you get the vaccine, are you 100% safe? The answer is no. But the risk of transmission presumably goes down, and secondarily the risk of you getting complications goes down drastically to 85% to 90%," Dr. Shriram Nene, Healthcare Innovator and Cardiovascular Surgeon, told us. What Are The Side Effects? In most cases, people have adjusted well to the vaccination. However, depending on your body, some can have an after effect. "While most respond well, some people can have side effects such as low-grade fever, fatigue, tiredness, swelling, pain, and redness at the injection site. Sometimes one can have a fever which can last for a few days, but in the end, it is better than getting Covid and dying in the hospital," explains Dr. Gupta.Understand how the COVID vaccine is safe for youHere is a piece of good news which will give you new hopes. 2.10 crore people have received the first jab of the COVID vaccine in India. But the COVID vaccine death has made everyone wonder if the vaccine is safe or not. In this report, ABP News tells all about the vaccine, risks and what does the government say.https://news.abplive.com/videos/news/india-understand-how-the-covid-vaccine-is-safe-for-you-1463827
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-07-14	Ric-Dodd-1	[]	Certainly safer than getting covid
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Michel-Di-Sclafani-1	[]	COVID 19 vaccines like any vaccine in the past, create in the human body a light contagion that will make the body produce enough antibody to destroy the virus. The formula to create the vaccine has different combinations but the end result must be the elimination of the virus and the continuous presence of antibody after the patient is healed. I have applied on myself, after following the standard precautions, like the use of a mask and the physical distance, an improved diet with more fresh fruits, meat fresh and easy to digest, good quality desserts and a regular dose of honey, three spoons in the morning and evening. This improved diet has increased my physical and mental strength allowing me to fight back depression and physical wickness. With my age and experience I think that my improvement of diet is a form of combat against COVIG 19 that should complement any vaccine. PS i AM 82. PSPS every morning I do 15 minutes of physical exercises.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Bob-Geier	[]	Whoever told you that deliberately lied to you, in order to cause you and your family harm by refusing the vaccine. They are without honor or decency. You should never trust them again. People are dying and getting strokes by the thousands every day because of COVID-19. (COVID-Related Strokes Especially Severe, Result in Worse Outcomes) The vaccines save people from that fate.COVID-19 causes people to have limbs amputated (Studies Note Increase In Amputations After Arrival Of COVID-19 Pandemic).COVID-19 causes permanent lung damage, even in healthy young people (Lifelong Lung Damage: A Serious COVID-19 Complication).COVID-19 causes permanent heart damage and heart failure (Post-COVID heart damage alarms researchers: 'There was a black hole' in infected cells)COVID-19 causes other permanent brain injury (NIH study uncovers blood vessel damage and inflammation in COVID-19 patients’ brains but no infection).COVID-19 causes kidney failure and long-term kidney damage (Most Americans Unaware of COVID-19's Effects on the Kidneys)COVID-19 causes liver failure and liver damage (COVID-19 liver damage may be more common than previously thought).COVID-19 causes a serious and disabling multi-system inflammatory attack in some children (COVID-19 and Multi-System Inflammatory Syndrome in Children (MIS-C) )/.COVID-19 causes all of these things. The vaccines cause none of them. They save you and your family and your friends and your community from all of these things. Yep, there are lots of people who survive COVID with only relatively minor illness, just like there are lots of people who smoke but don’t get cancer. That doesn’t mean that smoking doesn’t cause cancer, just as it doesn’t mean that COVID doesn’t cause all of these things. Even if a safe vaccine can save you from 2 weeks of misery from a minor illness, though, why not take it? It’s better than lying on your bathroom floor with the shower on so you can breathe without gasping, like a healthy 40-year-old friend of mine. COVID is a killer, leaving families bereft and people permanently disabled. Anyone who tells you anything different is a liar. Not just a liar - they are sadists and sociopaths who want to see you and your family suffer and die. Shut them down, throw them out, don’t let them near anyone you care about to spread their poison. Never, ever repeat their lies to anyone else. And get the vaccine as soon as you possibly can.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-08-19	Cara-Lee-132	[]	Is the corovavirus vaccine safe? Experimental coronavirus vaccine is safe and produces immune response Researchers are working to develop a safe and effective vaccine against SARS-CoV-2, the novel coronavirus that causes COVID-19. Before a vaccine is available to the public, it must go through several stages of testing. The first stage is a Phase 1 clinical trial. In Phase 1, the vaccine is given to healthy volunteers to test if it’s safe and induces an immune response against the virus. Scientists began Phase 1 trials of an experimental vaccine for COVID-19 in mid-March. The vaccine, called mRNA-1273, is being co-developed by researchers at NIH’s National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) and the biotech company Moderna, Inc.The two-dose vaccine is designed to prompt the immune system to produce antibodies against a portion of the coronavirus “spike” protein, which the virus uses to bind to and enter human cells. The vaccine uses messenger RNA (mRNA), a molecule critical for the virus to produce protein. The researchers, led by Dr. Lisa A. Jackson of Kaiser Permanente Washington Health Research Institute, Seattle, published an interim report of the trial findings in the New England Journal of Medicine on July 14, 2020. The team tested the vaccine in 45 healthy adults, ages 18 to 55. Participants were enrolled at study sites in Seattle and Atlanta. The volunteers were divided into three groups. Each group received different doses of the vaccine (25, 100, or 250 micrograms). Participants received two injections, 28 days apart. After the second injection, the team evaluated how well the vaccine provoked an immune response against SARS-CoV-2. They also tested whether the antibodies could neutralize the virus in the laboratory. Safety was assessed throughout the trial as well. The investigational vaccine induced a strong immune response and was generally well tolerated. Antibody levels were higher with higher doses of the vaccine. In both the middle and high dose groups, the researchers observed high levels of neutralizing antibody activity through day 43 after the second injection. These levels were similar to the upper range found in patients who had recovered from COVID-19. None of the participants experienced serious side effects from the vaccine. However, more than half reported fatigue, headache, chills, or pain at the injection site. These symptoms were most common following the second vaccination and in those who received the highest vaccine dose. Based on side effects and immune response, the 100 microgram dose was chosen for an upcoming Phase 3 trial. The phase 1 trial is ongoing and currently has 120 participants. In April, researchers enrolled adults ages 55 years and older. A larger phase 2 clinical trial of mRNA-1273, sponsored by Moderna, began enrollment in late May. During this phase, researchers will continue to evaluate vaccine dosing and immune response. Plans are underway to launch a Phase 3 trial later this month to test the vaccine’s effectiveness in thousands of people. “Finding a safe and effective vaccine to prevent infection with SARS-CoV-2 is an urgent public health priority,” says NIAID Director Dr. Anthony S. Fauci. “The preliminary result of this trial is an important milestone toward this goal.”
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Joseph-Kunkel-1	[]	There are several Covid-19 vaccines in development. Vaccines are as safe as the care taken in testing them prior to deploying them generally. Severe reactions to vaccines are rare but they occur, particularly when they are going to be applied to 100s of millions of healthy individuals. First, allergic people need to be aware if they have ever had an unacceptable reaction to a vaccine. Secondly, some of the people who will be vaccinated are in categories that could make them more vulnerable in general. Thirdly, the Covid-19 vaccines were developed rapidly and mistakes were made in phase 2 and 3 of some of the individual vaccines. One of these mistakes led serendipitously to discovering a better vaccine protocol. Another mistake led to a delay in the vaccines development. Safety, however was of primary interest. Vaccine development is proceeding through a paradigm shift using the mRNA paradigm and also using the viral vector paradigm, which has only been used in veterinary medicine successfully so far. Given these are all new vaccines to a new virus there is some risk from unknown aspects. However, these vaccines are all substantial technical advancements, and the safety of the procedures have been tested to the extent possible so far and the EUAs (Emergency Use Authorizations) are just that. These vaccines are meant to save lives, as vaccines in general are aimed. The primary desire of medicine is to “Do no harm”. All efforts in trying to defeat this current pandemic are following the dictum “Do no harm”. Doing nothing, not vaccinating, would be causing harm.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Chris-Kiernan-5	[]	So far, for most people the results look good and we will have to see how things go. I hope and pray that they are able to test and prove a reasonable safety factor or alternative vaccine for those with severe allergic reactions, pregnant women, those under the age of 16, and those with compromised immune systems. I pray that all of the perfectly healthy anti-vaxxers who are lucky enough not to be in any of those groups pull their heads out of their asses and we can all get on with defeating this virus. I do think it is safe and will be lined up to get vaccinated just as soon as it is my turn.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-15	Richard-Wagner-230	[]	I am 78. I have had every vaccine ever available. Never any problems. I have avoided mumps, measles, pertussis, influenza, smallpox, shingles, etc.. I am unaware of any approved vaccine that has ever presented substantial risks. I had an older brother that died of pertussis, a neighbor that died of shingles, and a friend that was paralyzed by polio. They all belatedly wished they had gotten vaccinated.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-02-15	Warren-Sponholtz	[]	People need to have fully informed consent when it comes to injecting foreign genetic material into their bodies. The COVID vaccines are mRNA vaccines. mRNA vaccines are a completely new type of vaccine. No mRNA vaccine has ever been licensed for human use before. In essence, we have absolutely no idea what to expect from this vaccine. We have no idea if it will be effective or safe. Traditional vaccine simply introduce pieces of a virus to stimulate an immune reaction. The new mRNA vaccine is completely different. It actually injects (transfects) molecules of synthetic genetic material from non-humans sources into our cells. Once in the cells, the genetic material interacts with our transfer RNA (tRNA) to make a foreign protein that supposedly teaches the body to destroy the virus being coded for. Note that these newly created proteins are not regulated by our own DNA, and are thus completely foreign to our cells. What they are fully capable of doing is unknown. The mRNA molecule is vulnerable to destruction. So, in order to protect the fragile mRNA strands while they are being inserted into our DNA they are coated with PEGylated lipid nanoparticles. This coating hides the mRNA from our immune system which ordinarily would kill any foreign material injected into the body. PEGylated lipid nanoparticles have been used in several different drugs for years. Because of their effect on immune system balance, several studies have shown them to induce allergies and autoimmune diseases. Additionally, PEGylated lipid nanoparticles have been shown to trigger their own immune reactions, and to cause damage to the liver. These new vaccines are additionally contaminated with aluminum, mercury, and possibly formaldehyde. The manufacturers have not yet disclosed what other toxins they contain. Since viruses mutate frequently, the chance of any vaccine working for more than a year is unlikely. That is why the flu vaccine changes every year. Last year’s vaccine is no more valuable than last year’s newspaper. Absolutely no long term safety studies will have been done to ensure that any of these vaccines don’t cause the cancer, seizures, heart disease, allergies, and autoimmune diseases seen with other vaccines. If you ever wanted to be guinea pig for Big Pharma, now is your golden opportunity. Many experts question whether the mRNA technology is ready for prime time. In November 2020, Dr. Peter Jay Hotez said of the new mRNA vaccines, “I worry about innovation at the expense of practicality because they [the mRNA vaccines] are weighted toward technology platforms that have never made it to licensure before.” Dr. Hotez is Professor of Pediatrics and Molecular Virology & Microbiology at Baylor College of Medicine, where he is also Director of the Texas Children’s Hospital Center for Vaccine Development. Michal Linial, PhD is a Professor of Biochemistry. Because of her research and forecasts on COVID-19, Dr. Linial has been widely quoted in the media. She recently stated, “I won’t be taking it [the mRNA vaccine] immediately – probably not for at least the coming year. We have to wait and see whether it really works. We will have a safety profile for only a certain number of months, so if there is a long-term effect after two years, we cannot know.” In November 2020, The Washington Post reported on hesitancy among healthcare professionals in the United States to the mRNA vaccines, citing surveys which reported that: “some did not want to be in the first round, so they could wait and see if there are potential side effects”, and that “doctors and nurses want more data before championing vaccines to end the pandemic”. Since the death rate from COVID resumed to the normal flu death rate way back in early September, the pandemic has been over since then. Therefore, at this point in time no vaccine is needed. The current scare tactics regarding “escalating cases” is based on a PCR test that because it exceeds 34 amplifications has a 100% false positive rate unless it is performed between the 3rd and 5th day after the first day of symptoms. It is therefor 100% inaccurate in people with no symptoms. This is well established in the scientific literature. See the attachment (False Positive PCR testing is up to 100%!) for more information on this. If you go to the CDC site (http://file:///C:/Users/docto/AppData/Local/Temp/cdc_97230_DS1.pdf ), you can see that the weekly death rates in the US are now lower than they normally are during an average flu season. The other reason you don’t need a vaccine for COVID-19 is that substantial herd immunity has already taken place in the United States. This is the primary reason for the end of the pandemic. Unfortunately, you cannot completely trust what you hear from the media. They have consistently got it wrong for the past year. Since they are all supported by Big Pharma and the other entities selling the COVID vaccines, they are not going to be fully forthcoming when it comes to mRNA vaccines. Every statement I have made here is fully backed by published scientific references. Anyone who after reading all this still wants to get injected with the mRNA vaccine, should at the very least have their blood checked for COVID-19 antibodies. There is no need for a vaccine in persons already naturally immunized. Updated additional information: 02/10/21 Could Spike Protein in Moderna, Pfizer Vaccines Cause Blood Clots, Brain Inflammation and Heart Attacks? • Children's Health Defense Could Spike Protein in Moderna, Pfizer Vaccines Cause Blood Clots, Brain Inflammation and Heart Attacks? In a more recent analysis published Feb. 4, 2021, in the New England Journal of Medicine, researchers from the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke documented microvascular injury but no evidence of virus in the brains of patients who died from COVID-19. They reported, “In a convenience sample of patients who had died from COVID-19, multifocal microvascular injury was observed in the brain and olfactory bulbs by means of magnetic resonance microscopy, histopathological evaluation and immunohistochemical analysis of corresponding sections, without evidence of viral infection.” If not viral infection, what else could be causing injury to distant organs associated with COVID-19? The most likely culprit that has been identified is the COVID-19 spike protein released from the outer shell of the virus into circulation. Research cited below has documented that the viral spike protein is able to initiate a cascade of events that triggers damage to distant organs in COVID-19 patients. Worryingly, several studies have found that the spike proteins alone have the capacity to cause widespread injury throughout the body, without any evidence of virus. What makes this finding so disturbing is that the COVID-19 mRNA vaccines manufactured by Moderna and Pfizer and currently being administered throughout the U.S. program our cells to manufacture this same coronavirus spike protein as a way to trigger our bodies to produce antibodies to the virus. According to Whelan’s letter to the FDA, the “Pfizer/BioNTech vaccine is composed of an mRNA that produces a membrane-anchored full-length spike protein.” A landmark study in Nature Neuroscience, published a few days after Whelan’s letter, found that the commercially obtained COVID-19 spike protein (S1) injected into mice readily crossed the blood-brain barrier, was found in all 11 brain regions examined and entered the parenchymal brain space (the functional tissue in the brain). 02/05/21 501 Deaths + 10,748 Other Injuries Reported Following COVID Vaccine, Latest CDC Data These numbers reflect the latest data available as of Jan. 29 from the CDC’s Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System website. Of the 501 reported deaths, 453 were from the U.S. The average age of those who died was 77, the youngest was 23. 501 Deaths + 10,748 Other Injuries Reported Following COVID Vaccine, Latest CDC Data Show • Children's Health Defense Look WHO’s Talking! Vaccine Scientists Confirm Major Safety Problems JANUARY 16, 2020 Look WHO’s Talking! Vaccine Scientists Confirm Major Safety Problems • Children's Health Defense Moderna Admits: mRNA Jabs Are an 'Operating System' Designed to Program Humans Pharmaceutical giant Merck said Monday {1/25/2021} that it was discontinuing the development of its two Covid-19 vaccine candidates. The studies showed that both candidates were generally well tolerated, But that the immune responses were inferior to those seen following natural infection with Covid-19 and those reported for other Covid-19 vaccines Merck said in a statement posted on its website the decision to scrap the two vaccine candidates followed its review of findings from Phase 1 clinical studies. The experimental injections being rolled out by Moderna and Pfizer are nothing similar to traditional vaccines. These mRNA platforms are an “operating system” designed to program human beings and turn their cells into efficient drug delivery systems. Drugmaker Merck discontinues two Covid-19 vaccine candidates January 5, 2021 The New American Magazine posted a video to playlist Interviews. In this explosive interview with Senior Editor Alex Newman of The New American magazine, former president of the Association of American Physicians and Surgeons (AAPS) Dr. Lee Merrit explains her belief that America is currently facing what appears to be biological warfare. Whether the Communist Chinese released the COVID19 virus on purpose or by accident is impossible to know, but the implications are enormous. When it comes to the new vaccines, Dr. Merrit, a former military doctor who studied biological warfare, goes through previous animal studies on the technology and paints a dire picture. However, even though modern medical schools do not often teach it, there are ways to treat viral infections that are time-tested and effective, she concludes. Download here: SoJantndruasrsfy S15 apSofdsntSgoe 6:0ns0oreddm ifPMf
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-02-12	Elena-Watson-28	[]	Covid-19 Vaccine:COVID-19 vaccine is finally here and, you can say the wait is over. No, matter how much we cover our faces and wash hands frequently, we need a vaccine to fight this pandemic. But wait, do you know about the results, side effects, and precautions of the most awaited vaccines? The trials of the vaccine have already started. But, before taking a vaccine, one should know everything about it. The first question people have – is the vaccine safe? Let’s know about the vaccine in detail. Is the COVID-19 Vaccine Safe?The primary concern is whether it is safe to take the COVID-19 vaccine or not. The objective of the world vaccine system is to ensure that all the vaccines are safe and effective. Safety is indeed the priority while manufacturing the vaccine. Trial and Testing – All the vaccines go under testing to test the effectiveness and safety. The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) set up standards to know about vaccine safety. According to the National Institute of Health, one vaccine should pass the four phases before it is used, for the public. As per the UK for the Pfizer-BioNTech, almost 40,000 volunteers were hired by the government for the trial. Half of the people have given the vaccine and the other half placebo jab. Authorization – In the United States, FDA approved vaccines can be released in 1 public for emergency use authorization. The EUA gives temporary allowance to use vaccines in emergencies like the coronavirus pandemic. Monitoring the Results and Side-Effects – The government has asked all the vaccine manufactured companies to keep track of the results of the vaccine. There might be side effects that did not get noticed during the trials. FDA and CDC are expanding their vaccine monitoring work so they can find the side-effects and results early. How Effective are the COVID-19 Vaccines?It’s natural to wonder if the vaccines against the coronavirus are effective or not. The overall effectiveness report of the vaccines is 75% to 95%.Pfizer/BioNtech vaccine trial involves almost 44,000 people. The vaccine is 95% effective and authorized to use in the United States.Moderna Vaccine trial involves 30,000 volunteers and is 94% effective. It is allowed to be used in the US.AstraZeneca / Oxford vaccine trial showed 70% results on the usage of the full dose. However, it showed 90% results on using a half dose. This vaccine is allowed to be used for Great Britain.Johnsson and Jhonson vaccine trial has experienced 66% effectiveness and wants authorization for the US.Final Words! People are concerned and scared before taking the COVID-19 vaccination. The primary concern is whether the COVID-19 vaccine is safe or not. Many rumors are spreading out there related to the safety and effectiveness of the vaccine. Before believing anything blindly, one should check all the facts. However, different vaccines are under development and ready for trial. I hope this year we will kill this coronavirus. For more health-related information, follow Health Club Finder. Source: https://healthclubfinder.org/is-covid-vaccine-safe/ Stay Well, Stay Fit :)
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-07-19	Bernard-Peter-Gore	[]	We don't “believe, in vaccines, we test them. However the Russians have huge problems with the virus and very effective large scientific resources, so it is a fair chance they are making good progress on seeking a vaccine.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-08-19	Patricia-Yeargin-1	[]	There is not yet an approved vaccine, so this cannot be answered as of August 2020. Vaccines are all in clinical trials to determine if they are:EffectiveSafeWhen the clinical trials are completed, we can answer the question. Meanwhile, we can’t possibly know yet about whichever investigational vaccine you have in mind.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-11-19	Richard-Cavner	[]	It has roughly the same instance rate of adverse affects as most other modern vaccines. Which is to say clinically significant but not over balanced on the risk/benefit ratio. You can read the 146 page white paper on the protocols used to determine the vaccine safety here: https://pfe-pfizercom-d8-prod.s3.amazonaws.com/2020-11/C4591001_Clinical_Protocol_Nov2020.pdf
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-11-19	Robert-Mueller-6	[]	It is too early to answer about details of safety for Covid-19 vaccines with 100% certainty. The data are simply lacking and even after the vaccine is being used it will take time before a fairly complete answer will be possible. In general, vaccines can have side effects and some can be long term effects but the point is that a good vaccine will dramatically reduce the overall danger. To give an idea, let me invent some artificial examples. If I get flu vaccine there is some risk of having flu symptoms and discomforts lasting maybe a day. If I get the flu I will be sicker and for more like a week and there is a chance of developing pneumonia and a fairly many persons die from such case of pneumonia each year. I will accept the possible “danger” of the vaccine. The US has crudely 320 million citizens and 250, 000 deaths (and rising), we have lost about one person per 1200. Having a risk without vaccine of 1 per 1200 instead of having some other risk at the rate of 1per 100,000 does looks attractive, especially if the one per 100,000 case is unpleasant but short-term damage.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Doug-Hensley-8	[]	Compared to what? There have been 50 000 volunteers or so, maybe more, and none of them have died. Several have had a crummy day, or a couple of crummy days, in the wake of the vaccination. Give me a week of crummy days any time rather than a roll of the dice for my life, with Covid.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Louisa-Jetta	[]	I will get the COVID-19 vaccine. I will not rush out or sit in a 6 hour car-line to get the vaccine. I will get when my insurance carrier covers the price. I am not afraid of the vaccine. I trust Pfizer. I know some people need the vaccine more than me. I am fine with waiting.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Bhagwan-Das-161	[]	Covid 19 vaccine is not approved for children. Adults usually recover well from coronavirus infection. Middle and old age people carry risks of developing fatal illnesses, for this group vaccine is more safe than Covid 19 illness, they should take vaccine. Please visit knowaboutyourdisease.in
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Val-Renee-4	[]	Yes I think it's safe, as long as you're not prone to allergies. I'll definitely be getting it, and if I had a choice I'd opt for Moderna based on the research I've done comparing it with Pfizer..
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Joseph-Levy-Sr	[]	A majority of the FDA voted to grant Pfizer permission to distribute their vaccine. This vote was based on the evidence submitted. These are the facts that we have. You are asking a question which elicits an opinion. If you get 100 answers, you can tally up the vote. However, the only opinion that matters is yours.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Barbara-Mazur-3	[]	I trust Dr Fauci and he trusts the research. That is good enough for any sensible person.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Gavin-Spowart	[]	Its science, not mythology or black magic, so i trust it just the same as I trust any other vaccine or medicine
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Gary-Wilzer	[]	How do I “feel" about the vaccine. Do I think it's “safe" Who cares how I feel about a vaccine I'm not an expert. My feelings thoughts and emotions on the subject are completely irrelevant. So is everyone else's that's not an expert in this field. Who cares whether I think it's safer or not? How do the people who have dedicated 30 to 40 years of their life feel about this vaccine? How many intelligent educated people have looked at the clinical data? How do I feel? I trust the people who do that for a living. Like I trust my mechanic. Like I trust my doctor. Are there going to be side effects? Duh. Side effects of just consequences some people experience when taking medication. Last I checked magic doesn't exist.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	David-10110	[]	Wrong question. Are you safer by taking it rather than not, that is the right question. Around 1 in 30,000 could have a serious reaction to the vaccine. It protects you, 95%, from covid-19, which has a mortality of around 1 in 380, and severe health consequences at around 3 times higher, around 1 in 130, compared to 1 in 30,000 and a 95% protection rate (100% of you're talking about severe cases). In the balance of relative risks, it’s a no-brainer. (updated with more recent numbers) Coronavirus Death Rate (COVID-19)
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Stephanie-Santmyers	[]	Bring it on! I can’t wait for it. I am 75 and I don’t want to be a COVID statistic. Even if it makes me a bit ill for a day like the Shingrix shot I can weather it. After eleven months staying at home I am ready to go out to meet people and go shopping. Today’s needles are so thin a shot is barely felt and it will be worth it. It is disappointing that there is a delay in shipping the vaccine.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Jennifer-Larson-84	[]	I had some arm soreness for the first couple days, that's it. One of my co-workers had a fever for about 24 hours, another for about 12 hours.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Drew-McC-2	[]	There are about 26 vaccines in Phase III trials or have been approved: added to that is another 65 in Phase I or Phase II trials. It is unlikely that they are “all” safe. It is known that some of them are safe, such as the BioNtech and Moderna vaccines, which have been scientifically double blind tested on a large number of people. The BioNTech vaccine is built on well-known science that has developed animal vaccines over a decade ago. Pfizer/BioNtech trials were ten to a hundred times larger than most vaccine trials:This vaccine has been reviewed by at least 7 different, independent, expert medical teams. It has been approved by at least 10 governments. It has been given to some 2 million people with only about 10 suffering from any serious side effects. And none of those died from it.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Alexander-1381	[]	Entirely safe? Impossible, nothing is entirely safe, including walking. safe? Yes thalidomide received an overhaul around the 1960s and are heavily scrutinized, making sure a repeat won’t happen again. we have better technology today, after all. And the vaccine is recommended by the CDC and FDA approved, so pretty safe.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Wayne-Allen-Sallee	[]	I’m one of those Children of Thalidomide Billy Joel sings about, but only have cerebral palsy. It wasn’t a vaccine, though, at least in my mother’s case. She was prescribed Kevadon, which was marketed as a “sleep relaxant” at the time.This was during the latter half of her pregnancy, so I don’t know what would have happened if she took it for all nine months. My main point is that it wasn’t a vaccine. I was born in 1959, she was prescribed the drug by a doctor who did house calls. I’ll let the other answers speak towards the COVID-19 vaccine, I just wanted to mention that my mother did not receive a vaccine, nor did I. Things may have changed, but thalidomide is still used frequently in South America.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Ian-Sawyer	[]	Original Question: Is the COVID-19 vaccine safe? I heard that some people died or got strokes because of it. And I’ve heard that a great many people have died of Covid-19 because they didn’t have the vaccine… To be blunt, anti-vaxxers are both crazy and irresponsible.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-15	Steve-Palincsar	[]	I base my opinion on the published safety and efficacy studies. If they had not demonstrated safety and efficacy, the FDA would not have granted approval to the Covid vaccines. I’m not sure about the motivation of the people who are attempting to cast doubt and raise fears about these vaccines but I don’t think much of what they’re doing. There’s no doubt Covid-19 is a serious problem; more deaths than those from World War I, World War II and Vietnam combined speak for themselves. So, to directly answer your question, yes.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-20	Linda-Olsvig-Whittaker	[]	I got the Pfizer vaccination, second shot in early February, fully vaccinated with “green passport” now. There are several vaccines out there now so I can only speak for Pfizer. It is quite safe. Some people have side effects like headaches, muscle aches, fatigue, sore arm, dizziness. I had no side effects whatsoever. I do know people who had them - seems like men get them more often than women for some reason. This is the immune system getting active, nothing to fear for most people. If you have a history of allergies or allergic reactions to vaccination, you better get the shots with a doctor’s supervision, prepared to use an epipen in case of an allergic reaction. The medics should question you about this before you get a shot. Consult your family doctor if you are worried about allergies.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-20	Nathan-Bluto	[]	No because a ton of the people who took this experimental vaccine got Covid-19 but like 5X worse. If this was just a few people it could be a coincidence but with so many people taking the vaccine and getting sick it must be the vaccine.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-21	Robert-4189	[]	We will not know for sure for 3 to 5 years, since it skipped 2 trial phases. For some people it will be deadly from the start, for others it may never be a problem. Genetics is one factor no one seems to consider. I have severe adverse reactions to most modern western medicine, my last vaccine put me in the hospital for 5 days. So it should be something each person considers carefully before taking action.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-04-28	Elna-Tymes	[]	Let's start with a definition of “safe.” Generally, it means that you have a very low chance of contracting the condition the C vaccine is supposed to defeat. This is measured as efficacy during the testing phase, where efficacy means the percentage of test subjects who did not develop the symptoms of the disease after getting the vaccine. Since the test subjects are measured for antibodies after receiving a test dose, the efficacy percentage also includes those who remained asymptomatic as well as those who developed symptoms. The higher the percentage of people who neither developed symptoms nor were asymptomatic but had the antibodies is the efficacy percentage. No vaccine is 100% protective. There can be unexpected adverse events such as the test.subject having a heart attack, an accident, or some unrelated medical.problem during the test. Having an adverse event doesn't affect the efficacy percentage but it does raise questions about the safety of the vaccine. To date, all of the US vaccines approved for use in the US have been found to be safe, with the Pfizer and Moderns ratings in the high 90s and the Johnson & Johnson vaccine being slightly lower.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-06-14	Amit-Nandan-5	[]	A third coronavirus vaccine has been approved for use in India amid a deadly second wave of infections. Russia's Sputnik V has been deemed to be safe and works in a way similar to the Oxford-AstraZeneca jab which is being made in India as Covishield. Sputnik V gives around 92% protection against Covid-19, late-stage trial results published in The Lancet revealed. India has so far given more than 100 million doses of two approved vaccines - Covishield and Covaxin. Sputnik V's approval came as India overtook Brazil to become the country with the second-highest number of cases globally. With a total case tally of more than 13.5 million cases, India is now only behind the United States which has reported more than 31 million cases. With 13.4 million cases, Brazil is now at number three. India aims to vaccinate 250 million "priority people" by the end of July. But experts say that the pace of vaccination has been slow and unless the drive is scaled up, the target could be missed. On Tuesday the government decided to give emergency approvals to vaccines already in use in other countries. It said the decision was taken to "expand the basket of vaccines for domestic use and hasten the pace and coverage of vaccination". It added that vaccines that have been approved by regulators in the US, the UK, European Union, and Japan would be given fast-track approvals in India. The health ministry added that the first 100 recipients of such vaccines would be monitored for seven days before the wider rollout is allowed. This means that vaccines made by Pfizer and Moderna could become available for Indians. However, the government is yet to give any details. What do we know about Sputnik V? The vaccine, developed by Moscow's Gamaleya Institute, initially generated some controversy after being rolled out before the final trial data had been released. But scientists say its benefits have now been demonstrated. It uses a cold-type virus, engineered to be harmless, as a carrier to deliver a small fragment of the coronavirus to the body. Safely exposing the body to a part of the virus's genetic code in this way allows it to recognize the threat and learn to fight it off, without the risk of becoming ill. After being vaccinated, the body starts to produce antibodies especially tailored to the coronavirus. This means that the immune system is primed to fight coronavirus when it encounters it for real. It can be stored at temperatures of between 2 and 8C degrees (a standard fridge is roughly 3-5C degrees) making it easier to transport and store. But it has a different second dose Unlike other similar vaccines, the Sputnik jab uses two slightly different versions of the vaccine for the first and the second dose - given 21 days apart. As well as proving effective, it was also safe with no serious reactions linked to the vaccine during the trial. Some side effects to a vaccine are expected, but these are usually mild, including a sore arm, tiredness, and a bit of a temperature. There were no deaths or serious illnesses in the vaccinated group linked to the jab. Sputnik V has been approved so far in 60 countries, including Argentina, Palestinian territories, Venezuela, Hungary, UAE, and Iran. They both target the coronavirus's distinctive "spike", but use different vectors - the neutralized virus that carries the spike to the body. The idea is that using two different formulas boosts the immune system even more than using the same version twice - and may give longer-lasting protection. for more information related to it visit:Login • Instagramhttps://www.instagram.com/p/CO4nAWZriO-/?utm_source=ig_web_copy_linkAnd other healthcare-related services and information visit:Live Well, Healthy & Happy for 100+ Years | HealthcocoSearch, find & book doctors, labs & pharmacy online.  get wellness, nutrition & diet plans. Achieve happiness with healthcoco.https://www.healthcoco.com/
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-06-25	Steve-Kirsch	[]	None of the current US vaccines are safe. Read this article with an open mind and you’ll agree:Vaccine safety evidenceVaccine safety evidence By Vaccine Truth  	Twitter: @VaccineTruth2 Please see the most recent PDF version (updated June 29, 2021).   Executive Summary We are not “anti-VAXers.” We were vaccinated because we believed we were being told the truth. Now we know better.  Unfortunately, the current ...https://docs.google.com/document/d/1a499i_wC3FZ5rasK6-L61dyRCWlLHa6ZgmwSdpCe4WQ/edit#
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-07-14	Jim-Reich	[]	They are very safe drugs. Not perfectly safe—- no drug is— but similar to your risks of being hit by lightning in a given year. On the other hand, Covid is your other alternative, and it’s killed 1 in 500 Americans and done long-term harm around 10x that, plus many people who have had it and fully recovered say it’s a super unpleasant disease to have. It should be a total no-brainer for 99.9% of the population — if you’ve had bad reactions to vaccines in the past or are super-allergic to many things. you should talk to your allergist and figure out which one to get. Don’t listen to the evil bullshit fearmongering. Go get vaccinated.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Karen-Keil-4	[]	Kevin Hobson has given you what looks like a lot of clinical material to consider, and I suggest you do some research on what he has to tell you. My answer is more philosophical, and begins where all discussions of a philosophical nature must begin, with the question of definition. Safe: “Protected from or not exposed to danger or risk; not likely to be harmed or lost.” With regard to the first half, must you be protected from or not exposed to any danger or risk? Or just unreasonable danger or risk? What constitutes “unreasonable” danger or risk? With regard to the second half, does “not likely to be harmed” mean there’s a 51% risk you won’t be harmed? 66%? 75%? 90%? 97.25%? Here’s a link that provides the current risks and the likelihood of death involved: Odds of Dying - Injury Facts (nsc.org) It tells you that you may be safe (based on your choice of percentages) from a number of things people think are dangerous. Or, it tells you how very dangerous the world is. I stopped watching TV and therefore most ads 6 years ago, but I suspect that the ads for various OTC medications and such still end with a long list of potential side effects. They provide that list so that if one of the side effects happens to you, they can say that you were legally informed of the danger and accepted it. What it means is that there is no medication that is safe for everyone all the time. So, is the COVID-19 vaccine safe? That depends on your definition of safe. Is it absolutely, 100% safe for everyone? Kevin Hobson reports that it is not, and even if he is not correct in the particulars (hypothetically speaking - I’m not suggesting he’s not) he is still correct in the generalities. All medications have associated risks. You should review the material and call your doctor’s office because they are more likely than any of us to know enough about you to know if the vaccine poses an sufficient risk to recommend that you not take it. In the long run, however, it’s a decision you’ll have to make, and a risk you’ll have to either accept or avoid.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Lois-Cronholm	[]	The only persons with an informed answer to this are the vaccine developers and the agencies such as the FDA that have access to all of the test data. So this is not a matter of how the rest of us feel..it is a matter of following legitimate science, and I have no reason to second guess a vaccine that was approved by the FDA
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-12	Keith-Allum	[]	Updated to reflect recent UK data. No. Safer than not taking a COVID19 vaccination? Hell yes. There is a difference between the level of risk that precisely reverses the allegations of those so viscerally opposed to vaccines per se - modern medicine, and science for that matter - that equates to choosing the near certainty of illness and death - not necessarily your own - versus taking a risk equivalent of picking up a newspaper off your own lawn. The options presented - of massive unknown, unknowable risks presented by entirely unproven medicines (that are now two hundred years in the making), versus a largely theoretical chance of contracting a (possibly fictitious medical condition according to conspiracy theorists) on the one hand, and on the other refusing to accept near-perfect protection, against a highly contagious disease that has claimed the lives of millions according to your actual medically trained experts. These are not inconsequential menu options, or lifestyle choices, no more than they are all about politics. Since that's been the tenor of debate, as witnessed from afar (or the state of the still ongoing toe-to-toe shouting match) why not take a step back, and look at the UK as a worked example? Then make your mind up but minus all the special pleading, all the logic-chopping and numerous legal get-out clauses being quoted out of context to ‘prove’ any product so circumscribed is poison, all the political mudslinging, the ‘alternative truths’ and arguments about why universal healthcare is a dangerous subversive pipe dream everywhere… just in case it somehow catches on closer to home… As a worked example - and a country where the entire thing is available in daily public information releases by medical authorities, the government and news organisations not owned by those with vested interests, who so habitually seek to sway you it is second nature, even in a pandemic - this is how our figures look right now. (For context the UK population is 67,000,000, give or take, easily confirmed online - as are the figures below.) This Home - BBC News page ‘How many COVID19 cases in my area’ if searching. These are summaries, the sources can be found at GOV.UK but the headline figures are not hard to interpret: In the course of a full year nearly a hundred thousand people have been killed by COVID19, out of approximately three and a half million people confirmed infected. In the course of a month approximately six and a half million people have been vaccinated, but because of the way vaccines work, full protection does not develop until the individual's immune system is stimulated, average time two to three weeks. If you check out the NHS information pages there are reams of details, and summaries, about the three products authorised for emergency use in the UK, namely the Pfizer, Moderna and Oxford/AstraZeneca vaccines. To date, there have been no deaths recorded as being caused by COVID19 vaccines. Objectors will assert this is because the vaccines haven't yet had time to make everyone get sick and die, but that is putting a thumb on the scale. Deaths of people who contracted COVID19, they say, were actually from other conditions, so they don't count. Then they will say anyone who died after receiving a vaccine was killed by the vaccine, even if they are hit by a truck. For that reason, when we want confirmation of an unbiased, non-political sort in the UK, we have the Office of National Statistics. (Their page on the topic is Statistics COVID-19 Daily Deaths at ons.gov) Just to be clear, nothing I mention constitutes paid adverting, because these are not commercial organisations, they are not political think-tanks, or lobbyists, they do not focus on public opinion, nor try to sway it, and these public bodies are really, literally, actually apolitical, strange as that notion may seem. The NHS is literally a national health service, one that is funded from taxes but free at the point of delivery, seamlessly integrated into the private UK medical sector, as the vast majority of physicians can and do work in both systems. This too can be checked online, from multiple sources, many outwith the UK… as can the delusional fantasy that modern medicine exists only in the USA, should anyone feel like doing a little research, by looking beyond its borders, rather than inwards. (Particularly disturbing is the lunatic notion that healthcare is necessarily barely affordable to those of middle income, and entirely unaffordable by the poorly paid, and the alternative is literally a fate worse than death. To those outside the USA - as close as Canada, and as far as Australia, taking in Western Europe on the way - such statements are not just misleading, but something between an ugly rumour and a flat out, self-serving lie.) PS The mass vaccination programme underway in the UK is only the third most successful, in coverage terms, being surpassed in speed and scale (adjusted for population) with Israel and the United Arab Emirates. The effort will be greatly assisted by the non-profit Oxford/AstraZeneca vaccine being manufactured in the UK, having a six-month shelf life, at +2°C to +8°C so easily stored in a fridge (rather than -70°C for a week for the Pfizer and - 20°C for Moderna vaccines) and, at circa $3 per dose, is vastly more affordable…PSAndSee: Covid map: Coronavirus cases, deaths, vaccinations by country
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-08-19	Cheryl-Johnson-103	[]	You mean the one Russia has approved? No one really knows. It didn't kill the first few dozen people it was tested on, but I noticed that Putin still has not had his other daughter vaccinated. Either she is serving as a control, or he doesn't have quite enough faith in the vaccine to give it to both of his girls. No matter how you look at it, the first several thousand people who get the shot are basically volunteering for the final trial of the vaccine.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-09-19	Shauna-Case-1	[]	When a vaccine has been created that has been thoroughly tested and proved effective like our present MMR (measles, mumps, and rubella) vaccines then yes, I would definitely feel safe getting one. Unproven, untested? Nope. Note: I DO NOT believe any of the nonsense about some bizarro plot about Bill Gates wanting to microchip everyone on the planet and control them through 5G cell towers.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-09-19	Duncan-Wood-25	[]	The time to ask the question is when there is a suitable vaccine available. In case you haven’t read the papers, watched TV or heard the radio, there isn’t a vaccine available yet, as testing has not yet been completed, so there is no point in asking that question at the present time.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-11-19	Willy-Gilder	[]	No vaccine will be made available in the UK unless the NHS is satisfied about its safety. So, yes.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Demita-Nolan	[]	Yes, it only takes less then a minute to do. There is no harm on taking the test. Not gonna lie, it does sting for a few seconds, but it goes away really fast. Hope this helps. Plus, the bottom line is, if you think you may be positive for covid, it's in your best interest not only for yourself but for others you become in contact with. So yes, it's best for you to go get tested.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	James-Webber-59	[]	The thing with what is objectively true is that it is true regardless of your beliefs. Yes, you may or may not realize what is true until you investigate and experience it (the scientific process)…but the true facts are true regardless. And some apparent facts according to our current knowledge may become refined as we learn more (the scientific process)… yet objective truth is independent of belief. Well designed studies, the gold standard being the double-blind experiment, help determine whether a vaccine will do the job. Say you take a large population of people. A third get no treatment and act as a control comparison. A third get an active vaccine and a third get a placebo (water) but neither the treatment nor the placebo group know what they are getting (blinded). To make the experiment more meaningful the people adminstering the intervention don’t know if they are giving an active treatment or a placebo (they too are blinded - a double blind). If more people who get the active treatment resist infection compared to the placebo and control groups, it supports that the intervention is efficacious… it does what it is supposed to do. You could do an additional experiment where both the active group and placebo group are told they are getting the active treatment to see if there is an effect from believing you are getting the vaccine compared to not knowing. Where such experiments demonstrate an effect from subjective belief, the positive effect can usually be traced to a person changing their behaviour due to their belief, not the belief itself. Bottom line - One’s belief in the efficacy of a vaccine has no influence on whether it will be work or not.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Robert-Klein-193	[]	There are beliefs and there is reality. It doesn't matter to a covid virus if you don't believe it is real. There is a chance it might kill you nonetheless. All of the vaccinations have been tested for their degree of effectiveness. 90% or better is good enough for me. Quantifying by a percentage like that takes the idea of belief right out out the equation! I understand the anti vaxer arguments, perhaps better than you do since my B.S. degree is in human biology. It is a real possibility that vaccinations got all the credit for decreases in viral diseases where public health improvements were partly responsible. But the idea that vaccinations or their inert ingredients is responsible for autism has been thoroughly disproved by high quality studies. And yes, there are proven cases (but rare) of Guilliam Barre paralysis following flu shots. But the mortality and morbidity rates associated with covid are much, much higher. Barre syndrome is just a minor inconvenience in comparison to long term covid side effects! I'll take the vaccination as soon as it is available to my age and category group in Canada. I've been urging my children to get inoculated and to have my grandchildren inoculated too!
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Rodney-Pressley-1	[]	We don’t have to believe in anything. They’ll work whether we believe in them or not. The scientists are back in charge. The propagandists like Trump are out of power. Maybe America can actually start to get ahead of COVID-19 now.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Jeff-Guttenberger	[]	It is all about risk management: There is some finite risk in receiving a rapidly developed, and tested vaccine. The chances of contracting COVID-19, and suffering grave problems is much greater. ………..and oh yeah I received either a vaccine or a placebo today.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Paul-Lundquist-1	[]	Both the Pfizer and Moderna vaccines have so far proven to be very safe. The greatest unknown at the moment is the possibility of side effects not encountered in the studies.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Douglas-Duncan-Pickard	[]	They tested it on over 40,000 people. None had a serious reaction to it. 3% of people felt some fatigue and 2% of people got a headache. That's it. Now, is it possible that there is a 1-in-a-million person that will die from this vaccine? Yes. All kinds of things are POSSIBLE, but it's very, very unlikely. Also remember that this disease is killing over 2,000 people A DAY right now in the U.S. and getting worse quickly. Even if the vaccine killed 500 people while vaccinating the country that would still save tens or hundreds of thousands of lives. (Note, there is no reason to think tge vaccine will seriously hurt anyone approved to get it.)
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Roy-Lee-Wright	[]	Define safe? If you gave everyone on the planet a placebo a few would die from it. At the other end of the spectrum, you are much less likely to die from the vaccine (or COVID-19) if you take it than you are likely to die if you fail to take it. That is, after all the reason it exists. Both of the people that had reactions in Great Britain, carried EpiPens due to other allergic reactions they were prone to. So, the takeaway here is that if you carry an EpiPen around for medical reasons, maybe you should wait on a different vaccine…
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Pradeep-Thorat-13	[]	Study says it is 95% effective against corona. But it is safe ? Cannot say. Because in trial it revealed effective but safe for human body cannot say. After some time side effects can occur.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Jack-Hartley-18	[]	never not until january 20 2021. even though it’s the same vaccine it won’t work until Trump is out of office. god forbid we say he did something right.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Karlan-Demmin	[]	There are almost always some risk factors the newer the medication is. Talk to your doctor to find out how it might impact your health
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Kenneth-Goldberg-7	[]	From preliminary testing of tens of thousands, very safe. Almost no reported bad reactions or side effects beyond some arm pain and flu-like symptoms the first day or two, which are to be expected. From experience of millions of vaccinated persons, and over a longer term - we do not yet know.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Chris-Harper-304	[]	I’m all for it. Vaccines are part of the reason we’re all here right now. They’ve been invaluable in keeping people alive for generations and there shouldn’t be any issues. They’ve gone through multiple rounds of testing and they appear to be 95% effective which is really good. At first it’s going to be those people at highest risk from it. Namely the elderly and those working in hospitals. And I would think that doctors and nurses are aware of the risks but if they are still willing to take it then it means the vaccine must be okay. So for the rest of us it’s going to be several months until it finally gets to us. I figure in the spring sometime I’ll get it.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Jammula-Prabhakar-Patro	[]	Vaccine is a drug. Human body recognises vaccine as a foreign molecule. So body defense mechanism(Immune response) is activated. No vaccine is and can be 100% safe.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Gulam-Mujtaba-31	[]	This is the most important talk in the world. Many countries like USA and UK are been taking vaccine and the shots are distributed to the frontline workers and many elderly people ..The Pfizer and BioNtech are the leading producers in vaccines. Covid 19 vaccine is important to stop thespread of the virus and the vaccines developed by the Pfizer and BioNtech are 95% effective and has very minimum side effects…The WHO should make its drive effective to vaccinate the people of the third world countries..The vaccine may break the transmission cycle of the virus thus minimizing it's adverse effects on human lives and the global economyThe indian government plan's to vaccinate 30 million people of the countryThe government says vaccination is not nesscery for all as many has herd immunityThe company thats developing the vacines says its 70% effectiveIf the government gives the vaccine for everyone in Bihar that it promised in it's manifesto, then the state would be the first state in the country to get vaccinated for free of cost
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Andrew-Macintosh-7	[]	very safe, and thoroughly tested. Some short-term side effects, sore arm, fever show that th immune system is doing its job. Then nothing. don't worry, it won't sit in your body like a time bomb and then go off. Thise are lies spead by antivaxxers. Vaccines don't work like that.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Clifford-Wright-8	[]	Thalidomide was not a vaccine, it was used, quite wrongly as an anti nausea drug for “morning sickness”. I have an adopted cousin who was one of its victims and was severely affected. Apparently one reason for the disaster was the fact that stereo chemistry was not yet properly understood. The same chemicals could exist in two forms and one of them produced the terrible results. It is VERY well understood now especially with the use of computers to analyse the topology of molecules. FYI COVID vaccine was arrived at quite quickly because labs had been working on a vaccine against a related virus SARS since 2003. Thus they already had considerable expertise in dealing with cross species corona viruses. I will as soon as I possibly can be getting my vaccination and have no fears at all of a reaction. I am 80 and obviously in a high risk group, also I have had Flu shots for the last 15 years and have had no bad reactions and not a single day in bed sick since I retired.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Richard-Greco-3	[]	As long as you do not have a history of having a violent reaction to drugs/vaccinations and I am referring to some kind of anaphylactic shock then the vaccine is just as safe, if not safer than most other vaccinations.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Bradley-Wilson-94	[]	I got my first shot last week and know several people who have. Nobody has had any severe reactions to it yet that I know of in my area. Everyone has to use their own judgement but for me at least the risk of the vaccine were far less than that of catching a moderate or severe case of COVID. The Pfizer vaccine has been in research since the first SARs outbreak 8 years ago so its been in research for a while now no matter what anyone tells you. The Madera vaccine has just about the same ingredients other than its can be stored at a higher temp. So yes I believe they are perfectly safe
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Romee-Oconnor	[]	I am usually a pro-vaccine person. However, talking about a covid vaccine, which is also an mRNA vaccine, that has not gone through clinical trials for certain age groups and certain ethnic groups, I would advice anyone against taking it. Yes, the efficacy looks more than impressive, however, there is no public data available which is a huge red flag.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Mason-Kelsey-4	[]	I had my Moderna vaccination last Thursday. Other than being sore in the area where the shot was given for two days and a slight headache for one hour, which may be unrelated, I had no other symptoms. So it, for me, was safe. Doesn’t prove it is safe for anyone else. Where I was vaccinated I had to remain in a room with other people who were vaccinated for 30 minutes before allowed to leave. Police guarded the exit. No one in the group there when I was there had any reaction to the vaccine so it was probably safe for them too. I’ve not read of anyone in my county suffering an unsafe reaction to the vaccine. So it is reasonable to conclude it is safe for the large majority of people.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Yossi-Shargal	[]	In Israel 2,000,000 people already had the first shot. We get hourly updates on TV about the vaccination program. So far:One 75 years old man with a previous heart condition had a heart stroke and died thereof, a few hours after the shot.One 88 years old man died shortly after the shot.One 45 year old doctor with an history of anaphylactic shock, went into shock, was treated and recovered.Very few people report strong reactions, like aching all over.In both deaths, the doctors were unable to determine whether the deaths were caused by the vaccine or not. 2 out of 2 million. By far safer than driving.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Wanda-Wheeler-1	[]	Just got my first dose yesterday. A little sore in the arm but feel fine. My mom 94 also got hers. Both my sister and BIL are in the medical field and have been volunteering on Saturdays to help give them out and they never saw any allergic reactions. After the shot you have to wait 15 minutes before you are allowed to leave to make sure no reaction. Very organized never had to get out of the car.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Hans-Proebsting	[]	Did you also hear that 370,000 Americans died horrible deaths because a vaccine was NOT available to them? Please get some perspective.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-14	HealthShook	[]	Hello dear, Hope you are doing well.Your question is very genuine, but to be very frank no one can give surety right now because it's just started so in long term is it safe or not I think it's too early to answer. just hope for better till then take all the safety and hygiene measures that are more convenient and safe. Have healthy foods to protect your body from the inside.Best of luck. be safe and healthy.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Brigitta-West	[]	Yes it is safe enough for me to want to be vaccinated as soon as possible. Be careful, there is a lot of fake news out there. So far I have not heard of any serious issues with the vaccine. There will always be some side effects and even some people possibly having a serious reaction. In total however, they are the exception. I have not heard of anyone dying.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-29	Phil-Egan-11	[]	After reading as much as I can in the Medical and community press as I have come to the conclusion that the vaccines from Pfizer, Moderna and Astra-Zeneca are pretty safe. The vaccines from China and Russia don’t seem to have been tested to the standards that we would like in most Western countries. The Astra-Zeneca vaccine uses old and established technology so I will probably opt for that one when it is available even though it may not be as efficacious as the messenger RNA technology. We are lucky in Australia where the virus is pretty well controlled (we have not had a case of community transmission for ten days). Consequently we can sit back and take our time about vaccinations. Our prime minister has adopted a “hasten slowly” approach. If I was in America or the UK I would be chaffing at the bit to get vaccinated.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-02-11	Tommy-Mitchell-59	[]	YES I TRUST IT. Compared to getting COVID-19 it is vastly safer.N.B. Total Doses Administered 44,769,970
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-02-11	Arlene-Blecher	[]	With any vaccine the question is which is worse - possible side effects of the vaccine or not getting the vaccine and catching the disease. In this case, the side effects, if any, are not very serious and go away in a day or two. The disease has killed almost 400,000 Americans and has seriously injured millions of others. So it’s a no-brainer as to whether or not to get the shot. Congratulations on getting your shot.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-02-25	Aritra-Baran-Chakraborty-1	[]	It is complete safe to get the vaccine because it has completed all the safety measures test and also government has given permission to use the vaccine for protection against corona virus. So its completely safe to take the covid-19 vaccine. Best wishes Aritra Baran Chakraborty.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-15	Nagy-Andras-1	[]	If they where the eu would not be concernd with them. At this moment the sudden rise of death from the vaccine, severe reactions, and life long Injury cases had shit over the roof. So all vaccines are re-evaluated. This is normal and expected from experimental products.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-21	Sohad-Zaher	[]	If we are to answer whether a vaccine is safe or not? We must wait and see after a reasonable period the rates of success it is giving against infection, mortality….etc. first announced results for certain vaccines given in Jan 2021 most probably in the US fir Pfizer/ Biontech are very encouraging, how about the rest?! We must not forget that any vaccine had to have approval from the WHO, FDA in the US and must have undergone the 3 important phases of testing before release and following the approval by such international organisations. We all heard about Astra Zenica vaccine causing coagulation and death due to development of blood clots it caused. We also heard about it’s being refused by a number of European Countries such as Germany France and Italy after such incidents were announced. We have recently heard that this embargo was lifted and the vaccine is back in use! Does this mean that the cause of blood clotting was from the patients previous illnesses? All are waiting to hear more about it! I hope the above answers partly your question. Suhad Zaher
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-27	Christine-Liddle-6	[]	We need to trust in something. It’s not a forever cure and like the flu shots we have each year Covid will join the list.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-30	Marco-Devin-1	[]	Different COVID-19 (coronavirus) vaccinations:- First.. Vaccines are NOT 100% immunity. Even if you had been vaccinated, you can still become infected.. The point of vaccines is more for herd immunity. The more people with an immunity, the less the spread.I dont forsee mask policies being lifted until summer. Once most of the population has at least had a chance to be vaccinated and cases are on a steady decline, then the mandates will be lifted.Mask mandates wont be based on who has or hasnt been vaccinated.. It will be based on overall rates of infection within the community.Majority of the population wont have access to the vaccine until spring...The first round of vaccines will be for residents of nursing homes and long term care facilities, workers at those facilities, and healthcare workers.After that it will be those who are at highest risk.. Such as the elderly.Healthy young adults and children will be among the last to have access.Its a matter of production.. The vaccines will only be available in limited numbers as its produced. Its just not possible to produce enough in a short time for everyone.I hope my suggestions help you for more related information visit Burleigh Cove Respiratory Clinic
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-04-06	Tay-Mercer	[]	I know this is something that worries a lot of people. I’m not against vaccination and I plan to go through this soon, but I want to be sure that my doctor has a quality certified drug that is effective, has no (or has few) side effects and is in any case safe for my health. I know that such a vaccine already exists. I have read about vaccination safety on various medical portals and so far I have no reason not to trust this information. If you want to know more about this, then I can advise you on several online resources, where you will find all the information you need to make the right decision.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-04-06	Vasu-Pandian-1	[]	pregnant or breastfeeding women, besides people with high fever or bleeding disorders, not to take the vaccine. On the other hand, the fact sheet of Serum Institute of India (SII), which manufactured Covishield, was released to advise people who are severely allergic to any ingredient of the vaccine, not to take the shot. Other than that all can take vaccination.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-04-28	Kimber-Stout	[]	YES. The risks (currently) of harm/death from Covid-19 infection is lower than it was—about 1%. In addition there are complications (referred to as Long Covid), where you have longterm problems.The risks of vaccines for the US (serious nature) for Pfizer is about 0%, <1:1,000,000 for Moderna, about 1:1000,000 for J&J (one death).So you reduce your risk about 10,000 times with a vaccine—that qualifies as safe. Can’t discuss the ‘off-brand’ vaccines.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-05-11	Rohit-Sharma-12159	[]	COVID-19 vaccines are safe. Getting vaccinated will help protect you against developing severe COVID-19 disease. Some mild side effects after getting vaccinated can feel that are signs that your body is building protection. However, a small percentage of people who are fully vaccinated will still get COVID-19 after vaccination if they are exposed to the virus that causes it. Dr. Atul Rastogi the best orthopedic specialist in Meerut says COVID-19 vaccines are effective. It doesn’t affect other medications as well. If you have any orthopaedic condition and want to go through the surgery then you can take advice with your doctor. You may face no problem after the surgery during the pandemic. Take your shot of vaccination and save yourself.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-07-14	Sven-Dirks	[]	Of course they are not. With only close to 2,500,000,000 doses given worldwide nobody can really say whether they are safe or not. There have been apporx. 50 deaths attributed to blood clots, yes. So while the chances of getting these are way higher when taking contraceptives or getting CoVid, they still pose a huge risk. Oh, and that fever. One or even TWO days of mild fever - unacceptable risk compared to the 0,5 mortality rate of CoVid 19 with the unvaccinated. On to the long term risks. I mean - the vaccine is metabolized completely within a few hours of it being given. But the resulting immunity lasts at least a year. That is longer than some of the Long CoVid cases affecting the unvaccinated. Unaceptable risk. If you find sarcasm you are welcome to keep it.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-07-14	Mike-Jones-116	[]	Firstly nothing is 100% safe. Not asprin, not crossing the road and not the covid vaccine. Compared to being infected they are very safe. Compared to a single transatlantic flight they are very safe. Compared to the contraceptive pill or a hike in the wilderness they are very safe. There have been several billion people vaccinated and a very small numbe of deaths that might be linked to vaccination. Most probably weren't but do the math. People under thirty have a very small risk of dying of covid but they have a very real risk of long covid. They might be suck for months. They might suffer organ damage and never recover. Fit and healthy individuals get long covid. It ruins lives. Do the math
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-07-14	Greg-Thayer-1	[]	So, with lots of solid information published in reputable scientific journals by highly-trained scientists telling you that they are safe (NOT PERFECT), you decide to ask untrained, random people on social media, the vast majority of whom are incapable of understanding statistics, virology, public health, and other relevant topics what they think? Brilliant. Equally intelligent and easier for you to understand: go out onto the street and ask the 11th person you meet (no cheating), and then follow their advice. Good luck.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Andy-Russo-6	[]	Yes it's safe. In extremely rare cases (on the order of 1 in 100,000) it's caused some serious allergic reactions, but that's the same for any drug. Even everyday drugs like tylenol or penicillin will cause severe allergic reactions to a small portion of the population, that doesn't make them unsafe to use. Compare that to the risk of a COVID—19 infection, which has a rate of serious medical effects that's at least 1000 times greater (probably closer to 10,000 times greater depending on how you define serious medical effects) than the vaccine.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-15	David-Charles-Leithauser	[]	Yes, I believe that they are safe. I have gotten my first Moderna shot and plan to get my second when the time comes. When you ask a question like that, you really should be thinking in terms of relative safety, not absolute safety. The question to ask yourself is, is it safer to get the vaccine than to not get it. Sure, it is possible that one person out of 100,000 may have a serious, possibly even fatal reaction to the vaccine. Compare that to the roughly 1 in 50 chance of you getting seriously sick, permanently disabled, or killed by COVID-19 if you do not get the vaccine. The virus is out there and it is almost certain that you will eventually get it if you do not get vaccinated. If you do get it, the consequences can be terrible. Not taking the vaccine because of the remote chance that it may harm you is like not leaving a burning building because of the remote chance that there is a homicidal ax-murder outside waiting to kill you.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Sharl-Bennie	[]	Besides politics and voter fraud I think vaccines rank very high on the most contentious issues list today. Many doctors and scientists can not agree on the efficacy and risks involved. When it does go wrong there are protections for the doctors and manufacturing companies but very little to nothing for the patient. This often results in the patient and/or their family picking up the cost or paying the ultimate price. Vaccines are a one way road. It only benefits the investors. The vaccine courts are inclined to protect the manufacturer and not the patient. These vaccine courts are not readily available to the general public unless you have resources to access the legal system. The vaccine injury truth is mostly denied or withheld by the media and people are often ostracised for speaking out. Silencing our voices and constricting our knowledge does not remove or negate the problem. The Covid pandemic has been wrought with lies, untruths and falsehoods. The public have been lied to at every turn. It has been totally destructive to humanity, unnecessarily so, and only the wealthy have benefitted and continue to benefit from the outbreak of a manufactured virus. Now they want us to pay them to provide us with an untested vaccine to cure a problem they created without any guarantees. Vaccines will be so profitable for these people immediately but will be detrimental to society after many years when the repercussions of a failed vaccine experiment are felt. Ask the Indian people how they are suffering after more than half a million lives have been destroyed through vaccines. The push to make vaccines mandatory is sending a very negative message to society especially when the vaccines are being rushed to market without being properly tested. Big tech drivers with huge investment in vaccine manufacture are calling for the implementation of depopulation measures and at they same time want to be involved in the manufacture of mandatory vaccines. How does this conflict of interest build trust in society? One of the most wealthy proponents of vaccines openly admits he is a eugenicist but rubs his hands together in excitement when the subject of his largest investment is being discussed. So much so that it is disgusting to watch. The man is unable to contain his excitement when he talking about vaccines. Yet he has wreaked havoc around the world with his vaccine drives. The extent of his wealth somehow exonerates him from prosecution. How can we trust anything that this man promotes. He speaks with a forked tongue His vaccines are a two edged sword. The risk of injury is a high price to pay for placing faith in bodies that are known and proved to be very dishonest. I have had more personal experience with vaccine injuries in my family and numerous friends. More so than with cancer casualties. This rant can go on for eternity, now maybe someone can beat me up and tell me how wrong my thinking pattern is and dispute the things I have commented on. Look forward to hearing your constructive advice. Please change my mind.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Archie-Woosung	[]	Isn’t the difference between a medicine and a poison simply the dosage…and that the medicine, in the correct dose, will have a beneficial side-effect when given to people who have a specific medical condition? As we saw when two NHS workers had an allergic reaction, they are watching the early recipients of the vaccines and no doubt will share with us where there’s a counter-indication. But initially they offering the vaccine only to those with a known vulnerability to the virus and to their carers, so if you have any concern that you might not be “suitable” (e.g. you’re pregnant or severely allergic), make sure you let them know before they vaccinate. Nobody has had a serious reaction to any of the vaccines yet, while more than a million people are dead from the virus.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Timothy-Sly	[]	Extremely safe when they have been assessed through phase-three trials involving 20,000–60,000 people, and already we have millions of recipients without any incident. The unsafe element is NOT to be immunized when it is available. Especially beware of extreme ignorance, and also those who would use the internet to stir up dissent and division based at the Kremlin.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-02-19	Suchindranath-Aiyer	[]	None of them are “safe”. Like India’s leading politicians, they are all being passed off as “lesser evils”. Those who are vulnerable to the Wuhan virus such as those over 65 years of age , those with diabetes, those, with high blood pressure and so on are equally vulnerable to these vaccines as they are to the Chinese bio weapon. Among these vaccines, the best is Russia’s “Sputnik V” as it has a 91.8 % effectiveness for those over 65 with diabetes, blood pressure etc. This is not saying much as the deaths from the Chinese pandemic were not expected to exceed 0.02 % even without vaccines as per this prognosis I published on Quora in February 2020:Related: Suchindranath Aiyer's answer to Should we let COVID-19 just spread and go naturally?
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-19	Thomas-Moore-952	[]	I had one, my wife had one, my parents had one, 23 people I know had one. Im great, no extra arms, no tails, no problems. Moderna and Pfizer, all two dose and completed. I had my antigen antibody test done two weeks after my second dose and my covid antibody levels were 240 times of what they see in a normal covid patient. Covid wont have a good time if I inhale it. Go get it, will help bring this pandemic to an end.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-15	Chad-Smith-906	[]	Yes, I believe they are safe. Some are modified SARS vaccines that were developed during the SARS epidemic. Even though they haven’t been fully tested, I believe the risk of any severe interactions is rare. Many people have already received these vaccines already. I just had my first shot a couple of weeks ago so I can from personal experience say I trust these vaccines. I had no side effects other than irritation on the site where I was injected that went away after a couple of days.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-22	Cindy-Thiel-1	[]	Honestly, I have major concerns. It was made available far faster than any other vaccine and hasn’t been tested as thoroughly as it needs to be in order to learn of long term effects. These are mostly new medical technology as well, with mRNA being largely untested with not nearly enough study data to know how safe it is or isn’t. And they talk about a 95% efficacy, but what does that really mean? In my mind, I would think that means after getting vaccinated and being exposed, 95 out of 100 people will not be infected. I mean, that’s what vaccines do, right? They don’t treat a disease, they PREVENT it. Like polio and measles, get the vaccine and you’ll never get the disease. But that’s not how this one works. The experts say after getting the shot, if you’re exposed, your symptoms will be milder. Like the flu shot, it doesn’t prevent you from getting the flu. Many people who get the flu say, “Glad I got the flu shot or I would have been really sick!” A few, like me, say, “I’ve never had a flu shot, and I’ve never had the flu!” I haven’t, not once in my 60 years. We all need to be informed and at least have the opportunity to know the truth. Unfortunately, that’s not what is happening. The truth, or at least some of it, is being ignored and censored. I’m not saying you shouldn’t get it. I’m saying research it for yourself and at least be willing to hear opinions that may differ from your own. Here are some videos explaining what they are talking about when they say 95% efficacy. Part 1:Part 2:Part 3:This is ‘real’ science and explains a lot that the average person wouldn’t know. Know what you’re getting, be informed, and thoroughly read the consent form. It might surprise you. And be aware that if you do suffer from an adverse reaction, the pharmaceutical companies have zero liability.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Roger-Cook-80	[]	Nope. Guess who wrote this - answer at end. However, when it comes to SARS-CoV-2, he believes the vaccine will only benefit the elderly. For those over 80, a vaccine might give them a few more months of life. "Nobody else needs this [vaccine]," he says. "You don't vaccinate a population because 1 in 1 million might have a bad outcome [from the infection]." He also strongly believes the vaccine must be voluntary:"It's an appalling … public platform to suggest that the only way we get our lives back is to mass vaccinate the population. Something very smelly is going on. It's simply not appropriate. I don't even think it would work."In an open letter to the British health minister, he wrote:"I have read the consultation document. I've rarely been as shocked and upset. All vaccines against the SARS-COV-2 virus are by definition novel. No candidate vaccine has been in development for more than a few months. If any such vaccine is approved for use under any circumstances that are not EXPLICITLY experimental, I believe that recipients are being misled to a criminal extent. This is because there are precisely zero human volunteers for whom there could possibly be more than a few months past-dose safety information. My concern does not arise because I have negative views about vaccines (I don't). Instead, it's the very principle that politicians seem ready to waive that new medical interventions at this, incomplete state of development, should not be made available to subjects on anything other than an explicitly experimental basis. That's my concern. And the reason for that concern is that it is not known what the safety profile will be, six months or a year or longer after dosing. You have literally no data on this and neither does anyone else. It isn't that I'm saying that unacceptable adverse effects will emerge after longer intervals after dosing. No: it is that you have no idea what will happen yet, despite this, you'll be creating the impression that you do … I don't trust you. You've not been straightforward and have behaved appallingly throughout this crisis. You're still doing it now, misleading about infection risk from young children. Why should I believe you in relation to experimental vaccines? .. So who wrote this?Michael Yeadon, Ph.D., a former vice-president and chief scientific adviser of the drug company Pfizer and founder and CEO of the biotech company Ziarco, now owned by Novartis.Nuff said.Former Pfizer Science Officer Reveals Great COVID-19 Scam
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-15	Julien-Hurault	[]	Absolutely. Millions of people have gotten the vaccine. Statistically, you are far better off taking the vaccine than taking you chances with COVID. The vaccines get the body to produce antibodies. Do you ever wonder why , as an adult, you don’t get any childhood diseases? You body naturally made antibodies to fight them. The new vaccines are telling you body to make antibodies without giving you the disease.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-16	Baron-Tait-1	[]	The vaccines come to us on the advice of the same people, ( governments and their pet scientists ) who thought lockdowns were a great idea. That alone gives me pause for thought. The way I look at it, there is a similarity between the Covid vaccines and lockdowns. Both narrowly focus on one specific harm to society, while ignoring the possible, far wider damage these knee-jerk actions will / could do. We had lockdowns to supposedly save our health from Covid, meanwhile the long term health damage caused by lockdowns … from untreated problems, cancer, poverty, stress, (well, just about everything) is looking like being way way , worse overall. Many more deaths overall. (Give it a few years. It’s just getting going) We now have these vaccines, again to save us specifically from Covid, just Covid, nothing but Covid, while we already had immune systems which save us from multiple diseases .. (including, for the vast majority of us from..Covid). It is possible these vaccines could end up being as big a mistake as lockdowns. Or worse. What if our immune systems end up wrecked by the vaccines? Just like the economy was wrecked by lockdowns. Just Like wider health was wrecked..by lockdowns. . Like just about all the other aspects of life was wrecked, by lockdowns. In the end.. the people who were going to get Covid still got it anyway. what a bargain. The point is, the people who brought us lockdowns are either deluded, evil or utter idiots. They either did not look into, or refuse to tell us the predicted collateral damage of lockdowns. Now they bring us vaccines. And they don’t seem to want to take no for an answer.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-07-19	Ashok-Banga	[]	Safety of which vaccine you are talking about? We do not have even an unsafe vaccine for Corona? Wait for atleast 365 days and then try repeating this question.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-07-19	Pharma-Shiksha	[]	Certainly, there could be reactions to the coronavirus vaccines. Till date, there is no drug which doesn’t have a reaction. Each medication has a few or opposite reaction even the painkillers have symptoms. Without clinical preliminaries, we can’t pass judgment on the reactions of the coronavirus vaccines.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-07-19	Lana-Williams-37	[]	We don’t know yet. They’re still in the testing phase to ensure that, upon release to the general public, it is safe.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-07-19	John-F-Eldredge	[]	There are numerous vaccines currently being tested, none of which are ready for mass use yet. The testing process is to determine both whether a particular vaccine is safe and whether it is effective.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-08-19	Sankaran-Manipuzha	[]	Till now everybody was asking for a vaccine…. Unfortunately, nobody shows interest in finding a medicine!!.. Now Russia has introduced a vaccine - Everybody has started asking about its safety, effectiveness, etc. Actually, what we want?… Who (W.H.O.) is guiding our thoughts..?
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-08-19	Frank-Wood-15	[]	Unfortunately, there are over 100 “coronavirus vaccine” projects. Some of them will do the requisite testing and become approved by reputable organizations and others…will not. Vaccines developed and approved by reputable agencies will be safe. Others will not.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-08-19	Milton-R-Brown	[]	We don’t know how all the vaccines were made but all vaccines in the last 50 years have in fact been proven safe. Some people are allergic to egg and. An ask for the non egg formula. All non vaxers beliefs have been blindly tested in trials tests of 2500 or more over the years and proven wrong. The process chemistries are almost nothing like the old days so they are safe. The Moderna method avoids all possible logical reasons to not trust its safety. The vaccine S Zprotein is removed from the virus and added to a harmless vaccine to reproduce lt. this is the vaccine. It’s combined with a solution of three lipids (liquid medically pure fats). They form a carrier liquid to suspend the virus to provide similar vaccine doses.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-09-19	Peter-Keusgen	[]	Nobody knows. The only vaccine being widely used right now is in China, and given the amount of accurate information allowed out by the PRC, we’ll probably never know how safe that one is either.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-09-19	Florian-Neubauer-3	[]	Which Covid-19 vaccine do you have in mind? There are so many different vaccine candidates right now. And they are even based on different mechanisms of action, some of which are entirely new. Risks and benefits have to be compared for each of the vaccines individually. Hence your question only can be answered for an individual vaccine. Wait until phase III studies have been completed. Then the assessment of risks and benefits will be public. I am sure that many vaccine experts then will explain them in detail, in the news, in the newspapers, everywhere online, and here on Quora.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-10-19	Tarek-Gavin	[]	I don’t know if it is or not. Unless they publish their research papers I Do Not Trust it
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-10-19	Jonathan-Bolton-13	[]	It doesn’t help to ask a question on the safety of a Covid vaccine if there is a built in negative bias . There are different Covid vaccines, and presumably they all carry a different % of risk . I ‘m pretty sure that no vaccine would be released if there was an unacceptable risk . The other question is the risk of getting Covid v the risk of taking the vaccine. There are now more than a million deaths worldwide from Covid . It’s an appropriate time to remember that smallpox and I believe polio have been eradicated through vaccines .
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-10-19	Anthony-Cassidy-5	[]	Your question is not very precise - which of the many vaccines being developed are you referring to. The only one I know of that’s been released for general use is the Russian one and that’s not really been tested in the way that it would have to be in the UK before being used. I believe that a vaccine properly tested will be safe (but I certainly would be suspicious of one supported by Trump before the US election :-) )
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-11-19	Ben-Jorgensen-13	[]	It is likely a good deal safer than your daily commute or using a ladder to clean out your gutters. Odds of Dying - Injury Facts
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Adam-U-Hunter	[]	There are some people who should never take any vaccine so as to raise the average IQ of the rest of humanity via social Darwinism. I am taking the vaccine but I respect the rights of the anti vaxxers who should not.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Angela-Birch-17	[]	Vaccines are not a matter of faith, they either work or they don’t work. It isn’t a case of “believing “ or not. Might as well ask “Must we believe in Trees?” Or “ Must we believe in doors”. The evidence is that there are 3 vaccines at least working their way through the approval process that work. Real life trumps “belief”.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Cze-Low	[]	Covid vaccine are rushed out without proper testing and peer reviewed data. Politics and profits and irresponsible corrupt actions by British government to protect Pfizer from being sued . Features of corruption.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Akshay-Iyer-40	[]	Ofcourse you can trust the vaccines. There are different kinds, sure. But all of them are vigorously tested at different levels. Obviously there would be some side effect on some percentage of people, that’s what the doctors warn. But that would be a very negligible number. Considering the havoc it is causing now, it is better to get immune rather than stay open, right? P.S- I am no professional, just a personal view. Hopefully, things normalize soon!
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	George-Dukesh	[]	There is nothing to think about. They are vaccines. They work. I shall get mine immediately that it is available for my group That’s it
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	John-Tan-592	[]	Whether, in theor hast, under political pressure, to make the vaccine, that they have tested it well enough so that there will be no sub clinical infection. That is, where vaccinated folks may acquire immunity, but the dosage is not correct to prevent them becoming infected & contagious.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Sampson-Henderson	[]	I know they’re still under development. And I know that there are no microchips being put inside it. And I know that bioluminescent luciferase is essentially harmless. I will take the vaccine as soon as it is available. Luciferase - Wikipedia
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Bill-Brown-155	[]	I do. However I think is is unfortunate that the Trump Administration has again been involved in a heavy handed way, by demanding FDA approval. Hey, they just can’t do anything in a subtle way. To me, it “Muddies the Water”, and gives the impression that decisions are politically motivated. I’m tired of it, and 80 m. Americans apparently are as well.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Kurt-Gandenberger	[]	each vaccine (there are at least 5 now) has been tested on thousands of laboratory animals and then on 10’s of thousands of brave volunteers. over the course of many months now there have been exceedingly few untoward events. i intend to get a vaccine when my department of health makes it available. i will also have a flu vaccine but not within two weeks of each other.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Aidan-Doherty-7	[]	As safe as any other medicine.There can and will be side effects (not everyone will have them), but it produces the intended effect, and won’t kill you or leave you with reduced quality of life afterwards.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Nancy-ODonnell-5	[]	Dr. Fauci said he would get it and recommend that his family get it. He has been well respected in his field for decades. I think it will be a couple months before it becomes available to me. If no serious side effects show up by then, I will definitely be in line to get it.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	James-Walker-1060	[]	There is no way to address the side affects yet. Way to early in the results mode.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Tim-Elliot-Valuable-Antique	[]	Is Russian COVID-19 vaccine Safe? Nobody knows, not even the Russians. They started using it before they did a Phase 3 trial, which in the rest of the world is an absolute minimum to get approval.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Kiran-Pradhan-156	[]	Early results from trials of a Covid vaccine developed in Russia suggest it could be 92% effective. The data is based on 20 cases of Covid-19 from 16,000 volunteers given the Sputnik V vaccine or a dummy injection. While some scientists welcomed the news, others said the data had been rushed out too early. It comes after Pfizer and BioNTech said their vaccine could prevent 90% of people getting Covid-19, based on a study of 43,500 people. Although the Sputnik data is based on fewer people being vaccinated and fewer cases of Covid developing during the trial, it does confirm promising results from earlier research. The Sputnik V vaccine, developed at the National Research Centre for Epidemiology and Microbiology in Moscow, is currently going through phase III clinical trials in Belarus, UAE, Venezuela and India. So far there are no safety issues, with Russian researchers saying there were "no unexpected adverse events" 21 days after volunteers received their first of two injections.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Elzanna-Zapperelli	[]	To what degree do you trust the safety of the COVID-19 vaccine? About as much as every other vaccine, about 100%. I’m sure there will be a few bumps and bruises along the way with 8 billion people about to be vaccinated, but that’s to be expected. I trust the vaccine a whole lot more than I do the virus. The virus is a known killer. In the US, alone, over 300,000 have already unnecessarily died. So far, the vaccine(s) have had a few negative responses, but no one has reportedly died. That could happen, but so far, so good. As for the conspiracy theory IDIOTS and anti-vax FOOLS, if they don’t want to save themselves or protect others, then whatever happens should all be on them. If they give someone the virus, they should be prosecuted/jailed for it. Some folks, for purely medical reasons, can’t take the vaccine. To deliberately infect them is akin to deliberate murder or attempted murder. My trust in the IDIOTS and FOOLS is ZERO. My belief in anything they say is ZERO. Today, I hope to find out when I can get my dose of vaccine. The sooner, the better.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Richard-Mclaughlin-63	[]	Yes, without question. Let’s be cynical, like president Bone Spur, for a moment and assume everyone is only it for themselves with no thought for the well being of others. Try to imagine the disaster that would befall one of the companies like Moderna or Pfizer if they had rushed a vaccine to market without sufficient testing and many serious reactions or even fatalities occurred. The lawsuits that resulted could wind up costing literally trillions in damages, certainly forcing the miscreant into bankruptcy. For that reason alone, forgetting that the officers and employees of the company will be taking the vaccine themselves, as will their families, the hype about the “danger” of vaccines is just that: often hysterical “sky is falling” rants by unqualified, ignorant trolls or Russian and Chinese agencies. I can’t wait to get vaccinated. I want my life back.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Aaron-Rasco-5	[]	A big o Fuck No! Your govvy poisons water food and air totally legally even.. You think vaccines are somehow just safe…………?
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Peter-Upton-2	[]	The coronavirus is quite new. Lots of people seem to be going for that even though it seems to be far from safe. Another thought- is newness a risk factor? If nobody took the vaccine for a year or two and then started taking it, would it become safer than it is now ? You gave asked the wrong question. You have three optionstake the vaccinecatch the virustake pot luck and hope enough other people take the vaccine /catch covid and bring about herd immunity to increase your chances of being lucky.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	John-Hinsley-2	[]	Dear God, here we get “potty mouth” allying with “immunity status not known". The reality is that vaccinations carry risk. The reality is also that viruses kill and maim more people. And the reality is that the 2 trial deaths appear to have NADA to do with Covid or vaccine!
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Tim-Donahoe-4	[]	No vaccine is 100% safe. But I get a flu shot every year, and I’m alive to tell you about it. I’ll take the Covid vaccine without worrying about the minuscule number of folks who’ll get a bad reaction. The law of averages is on my side. Besides, when did we become like primitive cave dwellers to the point that we lost our faith in science? Oh, wait. Since Trump got elected, and all those right-wing idiots got a voice to spew their ridiculous bullshit on Facebook, and right-wing pundits got so much air time. Take the vaccine. Knock on wood, friend … and enter.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Kyle-Ruz	[]	It depends on the person taking it and how it reacts to their body. Also, all we have to go on is the “effectiveness rating” which is a percentage out of 100. The highest I’ve seen is 95% effectiveness. Like I’ve said on a lot of my other answers, it’s too early to give a definitive answer as to how safe it really is but we can give an estimate as to how “effective” it is. Hopefully we develop more information in the future that we can move forward with.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Ragnar-Belial	[]	My opinion is completely irrelevant. The scientists who developed it and the people who were testing the vaccine say it’s safe. That’s all I need.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	David-Steed-11	[]	Do you really think that they would release vaccines that weren't safe? You will probably not get a choice as to which one you get. Just go and get vaccinated.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Joan-Mulbrandon	[]	It is safer that getting the virus which kills As well as doing long term damage to some people.who are infected
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Martie-Anderson-1	[]	Just had it today. Did not hurt at all. Can go to work more confident now I will not get the disease. I am a nurse.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Mark-Mostow	[]	They are all being tested, except for possible unknown long range effects. But not taking the vaccine means subjecting yourself, your parents, your grandparents, and everyone else you meet, directly or indirectly, to the risk of covid-19. And that is a big known risk. We have no hope of returning to anything even remotely close to our old “normal" life unless we all take the vaccine. Now, who votes for continuing to live with the pandemic?
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Robert-M-Gross	[]	Thalidomide was never tested on pregnant women. Is the Covid vaccine proved safe? I am not an anti-vaxxer. I just have concerns because of how fast it was pushed through. I keep thinking about thalidomide.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Bill-Boyd-65	[]	you have a valid point especially with American made vaccines As it will take some time before you get the vaccination , there will be many case for you to read about if there are problems make sure you only read accredited medical journals fro universities and other credible placesoflearning there will be multitude of bad results from anti-vaxxers and Q Anon conspiracy people
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Jerry-Hicks-15	[]	Yes, there is no doubt it is safe over the short run, as far as side effects. I am going to get vaccinated.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Barb-Cronin-3	[]	It is safe, it’s been thoroughly tested by many subjects. If you are pregnant and worried about it, you should wait until your baby is delivered. It might be a good idea to google some information about how mRNA vaccines work and what testing was done, just to put your mind at rest.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Larry-Rafey	[]	Right. I get that. Well, the vaccines represent an end product of thirty years of intense research. The vaccine is truly a novel, nearly sci-fi version of vaccines. All it actually is is a strand of synthesized genetic sequence taken from several separate sequences of the all important virus’ Spike Protein which allows the virus to penetrate the outer membrane of the host respiratory cell. It isn’t the real thing. It’s more like a beamed up or email version containing instructions to the immune system of what the protein looks like and how to subdue it. Once the instructions are delivered, it vaporizes, that is to say, the muscle cell disintegrates, allowing its enzymes to degrade the simulated information. DNA is not involved in the process as so many people seem to believe. It is as different as viewing a play on TV vs actually being in a live audience (which would be more like the traditional vaccines).
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Mahadevappa-K-L	[]	The U.S. vaccine safety system ( similarly other systems also) ensures that all vaccines are as safe as possible. Safety is a top priority while federal partners work to make this and other COVID-19 vaccines available. So far, none of the vaccine trials have reported any serious safety concerns. Trials for the first two vaccines — from Pfizer and Moderna — have had fully independent safety monitoring boards, and safety data are continuously reviewed by the FDA and expert panels. Allergies: The CDC says people with allergies to certain foods, insects, latex and other common allergens can have the COVID-19 vaccine. Those with a history of severe allergic reaction (anaphylaxis) to injectables or other vaccines should discuss the vaccination with their doctor, who can evaluate the person and assess their risk. According to the CDC, at this time, anyone who has a severe allergy (e.g., anaphylaxis) to any of the Pfizer/BioNTech vaccine ingredients should not receive this vaccine.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Sharon-Jones-Smith-1	[]	Thalidomide was the 50’s-60’s. The FDA wasn’t as sophisticated as now. Now there’s new technology. It wasn’t available 60 years ago. Read about every article available. Some do have side effects as any medication or vaccine. Several seem dangerous as a mother & nurse. A lot depends on your health. John Hopkins & WebMD has an article about the Pfizer vaccine. You need to read it because it’s important for you. Check online plus the CDC newsletter. I use all as sources if I’m unsure about about a question. The Chinese communist government said it started in 2019 November. Don’t believe any communist government or dictator. They lie all the time. They want their country to look better than democracies. Who knows? I can’t reassure you. I’m undecided too. I need to read all each vaccine to study the side effects for my children & me. Stay safe. Take precautions.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Andrew-Hicks-79	[]	While there are more unknown risks due to the trials being shorter, these risks are low and the vaccines have been thoroughly tested. I have been accused of being an anti-vaxxer on occasion, however if COVID-19 is prevalent in your area I recommend being vaccinated unless medically contraindicated, as the risks both known and unknown from COVID-19 are massively worse than the risks from the vaccine.NOTES:Lack of sleep immediately after vaccination may reduce or even negate the effectiveness of vaccination.Good nutritional status, particularly Vitamins C and D, is likely to reduce the risks of vaccination.Never get vaccinated when you’re unwell (unless it is as a treatment for your disease). Being sick is actually an official contraindication for vaccination.As you probably can’t get vaccinated yet, would still be vulnerable for about 6 weeks after being vaccinated, and have about a 10% chance of the vaccine not being effective for you, you may find the info in the following linked quora answers helpful: Andrew Hicks's answer to Why does nobody talk about improving your immune system to fight Covid-19? and Andrew Hicks's answer to What are the home remedies for the coronavirus? These answers take into account medical advice from, and include links to, East Virginia Medical School’s COVID-19 Management Protocol, plus my own suggestions based on considerable internet research. NOTE: The info in the linked answers is not a substitute for other COVID-19 control measures, including the vaccine. The more precautions you take, the better your chances.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Norman-Wolf	[]	The vaccine trial data has been reviewed by independent scientists and doctors. The data was sent to governments as it was received, instead of waiting for batches before reporting the data, And instead of waiting months between trial phases, they overlapped trial phases. Also, mRNA technology had been in development for over ten years, so it was easy to adapt that to the vaccine. And the complete virus genome had been decoded, making it easier to find weaknesses. Data was shared all over the world, and governments and NGOs put billions into the research and development,. Lots of reasons why it took less time than usual to develop and approve vaccines. Yes, they are proven safe.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Sue-From-AUSTRALIA	[]	There is NO “the” vaccine, the are dozens of them either in use or about to be; some are safe and others are NOT. Based on my doctor’s advice I am waiting on the Oxford / Astra Zeneca vaccine, I will not be having Moderna or Pfizer.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Anthony-Strain-4	[]	It’s actually a messenger RNA vaccine.[1] RNA can be thought of as single-stranded DNA with some key differences. A notable difference is a unique nucleotide (building block of a gene sequence) that RNA can use but isn’t found in DNA. Messenger RNA, specifically, is complementary to a specific gene within DNA. It fits into the DNA genome like a puzzle. The mRNA has information that the cell can use to make a protein. In the case of the COVID-19 mRNA Pfizer vaccine, the mRNA has instructions for the cell to build a specific immunity against the virus. That is the only thing that the mRNA vaccine is capable of instructing cells to do. The adverse reactions you may have heard about are very rare and is caused by some other component of the vaccine, like the solvent. Sometimes, medicine is rejected by the body for whatever reason. For example, I’m allergic to penicillin, a common antibiotic. The vaccine is very safe.Footnotes[1] Messenger RNA (mRNA)
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Amanda-Ramsey-29	[]	Which vaccine do you have in mind? The two approved in the US, which are the Pfizer-BioNTech and Moderna vaccines, are not DNA vaccines. They are mRNA vaccines. The mRNA vaccines don’t enter the nucleus of your cells, where the DNA is. They are very fragile and only last for about a day inside your body, before naturally breaking down. During that time, they are instructing your cell to churn out copies of the COVID-19 spike protein. This is just one small piece of the virus, and it can’t replicate itself. Your immune system sees these spike proteins, realizes they are foreign proteins, and attacks them, learning how to build antibodies which will neutralize them quickly if you encounter them again - as you will if you are ever infected with COVID-19. That’s it. A piece of mRNA that breaks up within a day, and lots of little spike proteins that don’t do anything but sit there and act like punching bags until your body destroys them.Now, in a perfect world, we could have longer trials so we could measure, “If you get the vaccine today, what happens in 10 or 20 years?” We obviously don’t have that. On the other hand, we know COVID-19 sometimes causes death or long term side effects, and have a good theoretical basis to think it’s unlikely there will be any long term side effects from the vaccine. I believe it’s the safer choice.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Dale-Hutchison-7	[]	Is it it is a safe as it can be. No vaccination is 100% totally safe. When you inject the ingredients of anything your body is going to react. Sometimes no reaction that is visible. Sometimes you get to feel a little bit icky. Sometimes you might have a more severe reaction called anaphylaxis. It is treatable with epinephrine. It's going to happen and you just cannot ignore the fact that a covid vaccination might save your life. Don't believe what you read on the internet. Don't believe what you hear on the news program. Both of those sources live for the bad points. No one as of yet has died from taking the virus. Over 70 million people have taken it. Someone might die as they walk out the clinic where they got their shot because it was their time. Don't blame the virus or don't blame the shot. Poop happens. Get your shot.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Robert-Mucci-1	[]	It is not known at the moment how long the anti bodies the T cells will work that the vaccine will give us. So we will have to wait and see, for this one, till all the tests on it have been done. However if they don’t last that long they will revaccinate us again before they loose their effectiveness. In general it could be a year or two they think, but sincerely hope its for far longer.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Daniel-Bose-6	[]	This is still a question for all but every vaccine has its side effects like rashes, itching, a bit fever etc can take place. But the vaccination is very important and it cannot be delayed. The immunity system is also increasing of a human being to resist the situation. Recently many countries are on the trial level of the Covid vaccine. But before the vaccination starts some points should be kept in mind for Side Effects.Safe to use and effective in large parts of the second clinical trial.Safety review and the evidence is required.The evidence must be approved by the ministry of the country then the Global Advisory Committee on Vaccine safety.The vaccines must be produced in large quantitiesPicture Courtesy: Scrabbl For more information, do visit the website of Scrabbl.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Ewa-Watson	[]	The Covid-19 vaccines are ready and have been shipped to several states across the country.The vaccination drive is just hours away now. However, reports indicate that though a majority are keen to get vaccinated, concern about the safety and efficacy of the vaccine is common among citizens.56 lakh doses of the Covishield vaccine have been flown to 13 cities across India from Pune and taken to designated national and state-level stores amid tight security.MAJORITY READY TO TAKE VACCINEA survey by YouGov has revealed that a large majority (68%) of urban Indians are likely to take the vaccine once it’s available.However, a quarter (24%) are unsure of their decision and only 8% are unwilling to take the jab.More than half (55%) of the urban population say they trust the Indian-origin vaccines more than those from developed nations like the US, UK and Russia.The survey has brought forth what the citizens think. People who said they are either unsure or unlikely to take the shot, are hesitant about the safety of the vaccine and want to review it first.SAFETY CONCERN REIGNS SUPREMEEven among the ones willing to take the coronavirus vaccine, safety concern reigns supreme and two in five (41%) have said they will wait a few months before taking the shot.A third (33%), however, will get vaccinated as soon as it is available. A few would do so if vaccination is made compulsory by the government (13%) or by the employer/educational institutes (11%).
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Devin-Shoulders	[]	Well 10 million+ have been vaccinated so far. There have been allergic reactions but it’s important to note no vaccine is perfect to begin with so that’s sort of expected. It’s safe for people 18 and up in terms of data. That’s not to say vaccines for people below that age arent, just hasn’t been tested yet.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Krishnamoorthy-Ramachandran-5	[]	All vaccines are safe only with nil side effects.But vaccines may vary in their efficacy.Our two vaccines are safe and more effective as per the reports of people competed to assess vaccines and their effectiveness.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Gregory-Michalek	[]	We will know in about 10 years or so. No information on possible long term effects. In the immediate application phase, it looks promising…
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-21	Kelli-Shomaker	[]	Just because stories hit the media… don’t jump to conclusions. Wait for the research to be completed before believing what is implied. I don’t have a crystal ball, just what is put out to read on the pandemic. Right now all the testing points to very safe vaccines in the US. People who have a history of severe allergic reactions and those who have compromised immune systems should contact their physicians before getting vaccinated.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-24	Ann-Bradley	[]	Here are the latest government stats (and individual info) on death and other adverse reactions (such as Bell’s Palsy) This is from the U.S. VAERS report. It tells which vaccine has been given in each case and covers 7864 cases. It is: The OpenVAERS Project These are the ones reported by medical doctors. People may not report their own issues so this list is only a window into the ones reported. Others go uncounted. VAERS is Vaccine Adverse Events Reports and this covers dates through January 22.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-26	Keith-Cronin-7	[]	Due to every human being different nothing is 100% safe. But they’ve had trials and so far the issues aren’t anything worse than most other vaccines. The biggest thing to look out for is allergic reaction, which can be severe an kill, depending on how allergic a person is to it. There is a risk, but it’s still 1000 times less a risk as just getting covid without any protection. Once vaccinated, just be sure to be aware and if you have any issues immediately consult a doctor to get any possible reaction treated before it can become severe. And if you have allergy history to vaccines or other medications, make sure you stay in a medical setting for a half an hour or so after so they can use an EpiPen on you if you start having a reaction.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-26	Dion-Shaw-3	[]	Nothing is 100% safe. Even aspirin, in very few people with known or unknown conditions, can cause great harm, including death. Clinical trials and millions of production doses are recorded and a small percent had anaphylactic reactions when vaccinated. All were treated and recovered. As for other conditions, pharmaceutical companies are obliged to report all conditions noted in patients receiving the vaccine or any medication. People have heart attacks every day-hundreds to thousands of people. People are diagnosed with cancer, diabetes or thousands of other conditions every single day. Vaccines don’t make much difference to a person with underlying conditions. Simply, correlation is not causation. People get sick and die. Globally, 120 people die every minute of every day, every single day, on average. You are far more likely to die or suffer harm from a stroke, heart attack or cancer than from any vaccine.Death Rate Is 120 per MinuteDeath Rate Is 120 per Minute 65 million people die each year in the world.  That is 178,000 each day, 7425 each hour, and 120 each minute. The United States population is 1/24th of the world population (320 million of 7.6 billion).  In the United States, 2.6 million die each year.  That is 7123 each day, 297 each hour, and 5 each minute. Unfortunately, many of these U.S. deaths are faster or slower than the individuals concerned would have preferred.  Dying too slowly is the far larger error.  These individuals are restricted fr om a more comfortable and peaceful death by their clinicians, by law, or by their own lack of advance care planning. The smaller error is dying too fast.  These individuals are forced or coerced into dying sooner than they would have preferred.  For example, roughly 1 death each minute is from medical error. Related The views, opinions and positions expressed by these authors and blogs are theirs and do not necessarily represent that of the Bioethics Research Library and Kennedy Institute of Ethics or Georgetown University.https://bioethics.georgetown.edu/2016/04/death-rate-is-120-per-minute/
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-27	Pranab-Roy-46	[]	One has to take two doses of any Covid vaccine at an interval of four weeks. But if you take two different vaccines there will be higher immunity against the virus as the vaccines will have different modes of action. For example, if one takes Moderna or Pfizer-BioNTech vaccine, followed by Oxford Astra Zeneca vaccine which comprise of mRNA of the virus and inactivated virus with adjuvants as the antigens respectively, the immunity of the body would be stimulated in different ways. Both are quite safe unless there is co-morbidity due to other life threatening disease.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-30	Jason-Hambleton-3	[]	The Covid-19 vaccines are very safe. Somewhere around six in a million get a serious reaction. No one had died from them.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-02-12	James-M-Isbell	[]	With respect, that is not the question. The ONLY question, is—will they do MORE good, than bad. All medications—all of em, will cause more harm than good, to someone. Imperfect world. But….all that said, and from what I can see thus far, the vaccine is doing and will do, far, far, far more good, than harm. And that proves to be true (we don’t yet) but if it proves true—that it does way more good, than bad, then that is the best we can hope for.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-02-13	Bruce-Harper-30	[]	Many thousands of of vaccine trial volunteers seem to have said yes and are still being followed up for any later possibility of problems.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-02-14	Asish-Bose-4	[]	Well, despite all claims of the vaccines being safe, there have been instances of people dying immediately after getting vaccinated. Read this article to know about vaccine-related deaths that happened less than 24 hours ago:https://link.medium.com/36jdlk2MRdbhttps://link.medium.com/36jdlk2MRdb
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-02-19	Mike-Christofolakos-1	[]	Some might be safe and some might be dangerous so to be sure you got a safe one it's recommended by doctors to try them all. Just like at the ice cream shop!
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-02-25	Jagadish-Prasad-Peyyeti	[]	Yes, it is safe to receive vaccination for COVID-19 ( COVID-2) infection. In our country two vaccines are being administered at present (COVAXIN and COVISCHIELD) As you know they are being given to health providers first ( two doses completed by now). From March 1st vaccination is to be given to people of 60 plus age and people of 45 years with comorbidities such as heart disease, renal disease, diabetes and other chronic diseases. The procedures for getting vaccinated in the said groups are being informed through social media, news media and periodical bulletins issued by the ministry of Health, Government of India. Except for very rare adverse effects which were seen in few people , vaccination by far proved successful as far safety is concerned . But efficacy wise there are many variable reports for the two vaccines being given. People have no choice for selection of the vaccine one wishes to take. As the government is giving vaccination as emergency use to contain the viral infection there is no alternative but to receive the one given by the government.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-07	Lucus-Deveraux	[]	So far, I’m seeing 100% safety. Which, honestly, is troubling. The medicine I was taught was that injection, including vaccines, were invasive and risky. Do you know how many people were infected with HIV and Hep? I’m still wary of the rushed job here. A vaccine once took years. Today, twice now, we have had a vaccine in MONTHS. Both perfectly effective. So, that paranoid little bug in me is asking if maybe Ebola and Covid being “let” into the US isn’t a democrat scheme to boost the religion of science. Still, I haven’t seen anyone keel over after the shot, except for the one CF media event where they injected a dumb nurse who fainted. Seriously, if you’re running propaganda, make sure you have a win, not a fiasco.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-07	John-Yates-42	[]	Yes, the vaccines provide very good protection from a deadly disease that has killed 2.6 million people to date. I have had my first shot almost a month ago & suffered no side effects whatsoever, everyone who does not have a diagnosed medical reason not to be vaccinated should get themselves vaccinated as soon as they can.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-08	Dave-Austin-39	[]	When you worry about receiving an injection of mRNA in your arm that causes you to produce the viral Spike Protein, which stimulates an immune response, stop and think for a minute about the alternative. What happens when you catch COVID? Virus enters your cells, introducing foreign RNA. That virus hijacks your cell’s metabolism. Viral RNA is used as a template to produce the same mRNA as found in the vaccine. Your cells will produce vast quantities of it, which are transcribed into Spike Protein in the cell. The process continues until the cell is depleted of energy and reserves, and dies of exhaustion, releasing hundreds of viruses in its death throes. But it’s even worse. Unlike the vaccine, which only triggers production of Spike Protein, an intact COVID virus has another 28 genes, and another 28 types of mRNA will be produced, and processed to produce viral proteins. These additional 28 proteins are necessary for a complete virus to be produced, and include structural proteins and enzymes. At least one of these proteins appears to suppress the body’s immune response to COVID infection. So, if you have this deep seated distrust of viral mRNA being introduced into your body, please understand how much worse it is to be infected with COVID, and being overwhelmed by TWENTY NINE distinct viral mRNA molecules, as opposed to a single Spike Protein mRNA, which cannot create infection.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-15	James-Oppenheimer-Crawford	[]	If the producing corporations are putting this stuff out there, you can bet the rent that they are pretty darned sure that the vaccine is safe. After all, bringing a substance to market which is going to kill people is a really, really horrible business model. Testing does not suggest that the vaccines present any serious danger. We know that here and there there will be people who have nasty symptoms, but these are extremely rare. The benefits far and away outweigh any hypothetical risks.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-15	Susan-Calvin	[]	Safety in this case needs to be relative to the effects of not having the vaccine in that context extremely safe. Some will tell you it has only been approved for emergency use but we are all in this emergency.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-15	Catherine-Andev-1	[]	I feel that if we are having the flu jab every year then this is the same. We are going to have realise this is the norm now. These new viruses are with us and they are here to stay. They are going to mutate and we need to be prepared to change with them.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-15	Amir-Hakim-116	[]	Yes it is and 99.9999% safe, for various reasons. I been vaccinated 28th Feb 2021 of my first dose and the vaccine was AstraZeneca. I have several long-term medical conditions including nose running, which is considered an allergy. I show my repeat prescription during inject the vaccine. The injector said, you will be fine, if you feel headache or feverish just take paracetamol. Now, it is 15 days, I feel completely normal since I been vaccinated and I am fine………So………..
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-16	Mark-Nancy-Johnson	[]	Yes, of course. We are so very lucky to have experts developIng three vaccines that protect us from the deadly virus. Do your part and get your vaccine ….it will end this pandemic.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-17	Jim-Daemon	[]	In the short run, yes. Long term, nobody can say…but still better than being killed by the virus, yes? So please get it.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-18	Ron-Lawrence-30	[]	I think that the “Coronavirus vaccine” does not exist. Since there are many types of coronaviruses, there would have to be different vaccines. Thus, there cannot be “the coronavirus vaccine”. There are several COVID-19 vaccines, but we really do not know whether they are safe or not, as they are still in the trial phase. Some have been approved for emergency use, and as the volunteers get shot, we will collect data on their safety.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-18	Walter-A-Duda	[]	I’m 87 and had both shots and am having knee replacement surgery Monday. I guess it must be safe.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-18	Vaughn-Hopkins-1	[]	My opinion of the safety of vaccines is useless. You need to listen to the CDC and FDA on this subject. They have repeatedly said that the FDA approved vaccines are safe, so we need to accept that.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-18	Kathleen-Whitney-15	[]	I got my first dose yesterday & I'm still here! Of the people I know who have had one or both doses already, not one has reported any adverse effects, only mild, short-term side effects.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-19	Cynthia-Bowers-8	[]	Short answer, yes. no medication, supplement, food product etc is 100% safe for 100% of people… I spent six hours yesterday as a volunteer giving COVID vaccine… I obviously believe it is safe in general.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-21	Gary-Bezdjiantp	[]	Its depending on which country do you live in middle East thay say its the vaccine and give you water but if your in Europe or USA or Russia you can take it Thats my opinion
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-24	Robert-MacDonald-61	[]	If a Covid19 vaccination gives me an improved chance of surviving an infection then yes I would consider it worth having. The process of developing an effective vaccine is pretty thorough and I trust the scientists far more than the deniers.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-04-04	Serena-Chin-10	[]	You decide how safe it is.Hospital blamed over women’s death from heart inflammation after vaccinationFamily of Shirel Hilel accuses Ziv Medical Center of neglect: 'She just deteriorated before their eyes and no one even lifted a hand'; not clear whether case tied to vaccinehttps://www.timesofisrael.com/hospital-blamed-over-womens-death-from-heart-inflammation-after-vaccination/
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-04-09	Sivagami-11	[]	no one can assure 100%. covaxin lowers the risk of the disease by 80% and covisheild lowers the risk of the disease by 70%. patients who take anticoagulants( includes heparin, warfarin, aspirin and similar drugs)should consult their doctor for taking vaccine for covid 19
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-04-09	Inigo-Skimmer	[]	There are several vaccines for Covid-19 currently in use around the world. it looks as if all are safe and with varying degrees of efficacy (but more than sufficient to provide good protection). Was there any particular vaccine you wanted to discuss?
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-04-28	Wayne-Hilborn-1	[]	Yes. If you get adverse side effects that's actually a good thing.. it means the real virus would have knocked you on you butt. I had sore arm.. was gassy.. and ran hot and cold.. book the next day off work. But very safe and effective.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-04-28	Allan-Binkovich-2	[]	There have been a number of issues with Oxford AstraZeneca and Johnson and Johnson vaccines concerning blood clots. These cases occurred in individuals younger than 55 years of age. Some countries have restricted these vaccines to individuals older than 55. Both AstraZeneca and Johnson and Johnson vaccines use the same design method that is using an adenovirus DNA to create the vaccine. There have been 4 or 5 deaths as a result of these blood clots from a total of 30 or 40 people who had blood clots as a result of the vaccinations. However, because millions of people have received the vaccines without an issue the chances of getting a blood clot is exceedingly rare. It is hard to prove a correlation between the blood clot and the vaccine since so few get these clots.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-04-29	Rohan-Mouli	[]	Yes they are Its the same vaccine that you have been taking from your childhood for different infections This is just a new vaccine for Covid infection, a new virus discovered recently causing lot of infection all over mankind So if u wanna avoid getting infected then vaccine is the only choice u have
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-05-07	Ruth-Calvin-1	[]	I got this in response to something I sent to them. This couple is very knowledgeable when it come to this medical stuff. And so is a man at our church. He is heavily involved with cancer research and has gotten the shot. Please read the response I am posting. Ruth,We can’t let this go unanswered!This “Dr” has absolutely no idea what she’s talking about…The vaccine is completely safe.It was developed using the same technology as Cancer treatment research for 20 years. That’s actually why it was developed so quickly, it wasn’t new science.You have more of a chance getting hit by lightning than getting any bad reaction from the vaccine (So if you follow that line of reasoning, if you’re afraid of the vaccine, you should also never step outside again!).A 30 second search on the internet (“Is COVID vaccine gene therapy?”) will find all the evidence you need. Please research this on you own, from respected sources.Thank you!Jeff & Dawn
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-05-08	Jahary-Corner-2	[]	Below is what I know. The one note is that production quality control must be maintained to avoid contamination or other problems. Data indicates the following are the safest:PfizerModernaSputnik VThese are safe enough but not quite as good as the first threeAsrtaZenecaJohnson and JohnsonI do not have reliable data on the others in particular the Chinese and others like the ones developed in India. Note: India manufactures some of the above vaccines. Those are expected to be safe because Indian production quality remains high.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-05-11	Arti-Singh-1281	[]	COVID-19 vaccines are safe. Getting vaccinated will help protect you against developing severe COVID-19 disease. Some mild side effects after getting vaccinated can feel that are signs that your body is building protection. However, a small percentage of people who are fully vaccinated will still get COVID-19 after vaccination if they are exposed to the virus that causes it. Dr. Atul Rastogi the Best Orthopedic Specialist in Meerut says COVID-19 vaccines are effective. It doesn’t affect other medications as well. If you have any orthopaedic condition and want to go through the surgery then you can take advice with your doctor. You may face no problem after the surgery during the pandemic. Take your shot of vaccination and save yourself.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-05-12	Bobby-Paul-61	[]	Tension elevated everywhere in the world According to Bloomberg’s report, the tempo of infection in Seychelles is rising quickly. In the week of May 7, the speed of infection instances has doubled. The authorities began an enormous vaccination marketing campaign to regulate the coronavirus. Compared to the remainder of the world, it appeared that Seychelles had put a brake on the corona, seeing the vaccination pace right here, however, the instances which have been repeatedly developing for a previous couple of days have elevated the priority not solely of the federal government but in addition of the entire world. Along with this, the Chinese vaccine has additionally been put within the dock. Read additionally -Covid-19 Updates: 4200 folks died in 24 hours from Corona, all data damaged to date; Increase in new case additionally 57% obtained Chinese Vaccine In Seychelles, 57 % of the individuals who have been vaccinated have been given the Chinese Siniform vaccine. However, it’s a matter of aid that no one who got here involved with Corona who was vaccinated until May 8 has died. In view of the rising instances of the epidemic within the nation, numerous actions together with colleges, sports activities occasions have been banned from final week. WHO gave this assertion? At the identical time, the World Health Organization (WHO) has said that vaccine failure can’t be decided and not using detailed analysis and is engaged in evaluating the situation. Kate O’Brien, director of the Department of Immunity, Vaccines, and Biologicals at WHO, mentioned that the WHO is in talks with Seychelles and we’re gathering details about the pressure of the virus and the severity of the instances. Both Dose additionally Fail The Health Ministry of Seychelles says that since the final week, the lively instances of corona have doubled and their quantity has elevated to 2486. Of this, 37 % are such folks, who’ve been given each dose of vaccine. Apart from this, there was a rise in corona instances in the Maldives as nicely. Let us know that questions have additionally been raised earlier on the Chinese vaccine. Despite this, China claims that its vaccine is efficient within the conflict towards Corona. Latest news.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-05-12	Dr-Kulpreet-Kaur	[]	Blood clots that have been tentatively linked to the AstraZeneca and J&J vaccines have particular characteristics: they occur in unusual parts of the body, such as the brain or abdomen, and are coupled with low levels of platelets, cell fragments that aid blood coagulation. Further analysis found other hallmarks of a condition called heparin-induced thrombocytopaenia (HIT), a rare side effect sometimes seen in people who have taken the anti-coagulant heparin1,2,3 — even though the vaccine recipients had not taken that drug. HIT is thought to be triggered when heparin binds to a protein called platelet factor 4. This kicks off an immune response — including the production of antibodies against platelet factor 4 — that ultimately results in platelet destruction and the release of clot-promoting material. The mystery is what serves as the trigger for this syndrome in the absence of heparin. The vaccines produced by AstraZeneca and J&J both rely on adenoviruses, which carry the DNA encoding a coronavirus protein called spike into human cells. The cells’ protein machinery then uses the DNA to make the spike protein, and the body develops an immune response against it. At present, researchers don’t know what component of these vaccines could be causing the unwanted immune response against platelet factor 4. “It could be caused by the vectors, it could be caused by the spike protein, it could be caused by a contaminant present in the vector,” says viral immunologist Hildegund Ertl at the Wistar Institute in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. "Following reports of an extremely rare and specific blood clot after vaccination with the AstraZeneca Covid-19 vaccine, the Medicines and Healthcare Regulatory Agency (MHRA) and the Joint Committee on Vaccination and Immunisation (JCVI) confirmed on 7 April 2021 that this type of blood clot with low platelets (sticky cells) are a possible side effect of the vaccine. "However, they continue to advise that the benefits of vaccination with the AstraZeneca Covid-19 vaccine continue to outweigh the risks of Covid-19 for the vast majority of adults. Covidshield has also been linked with some blood clots. Covaxin however has been found relatively safe. In majority of the vaccines , the benefits outweigh the risks. Vaccination is the only key in reducing the morbidity and mortality due to the pandemic and hence the aim of achieving a herd immunity is only possible by it.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-05-18	Aayushi-Mehta-91	[]	What the data is showing, until and unless there are pre-existing issues with you, than you might face some issues, else there should not be any issues. Found this video worth watching: Vaccination - “The Insider Information”
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-05-19	Wonder-Women-83	[]	Hello.. The vaccines are made for human use with safe and effective.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-05-20	Visalakshi-Mahadevan-1	[]	I don't think vaccination will work in prevention of COVID-19. Indian government and the media has been selling false propaganda that mass vaccinations will build herd immunity. Problem is with the virus. People should remember that COVID-19 virus belongs to the same family of Coronavirus that causes common cold or seasonal flu. Ok, common cold is usually a mild illness and nobody is bothered about it enough to develop vaccines. But no vaccines will be effective either. Here is the reason Notice you don't develop any resistance or immunity to common cold or seasonal flu, inspite of repeated infections. That's because virus mutated very fast and that renders body immune system ineffective. You are dealing with a new kind of virus every time. Politicians and Media will never accept the fact or tell the TRUTH. Because pharmaceutical companies ( subsidiaries owned by foreign Multinational companies ) have to make Billions in profits from mass vaccination programme.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-05-26	Sumaiya-Sultana-84-1	[]	You have asked a very good question, but it is very clear that no one can guarantee it right now because it has only just begun in the long run whether it is safe or I think it is not too early to answer. Until then, take care of all the safety and healthy food that is more convenient and safe. Eat healthy food and drink plenty of water to protect your body from the inside out.https://www.cholo-paltai.com/covid-19-vaccines/
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-05-29	Vipul-Kaushal-16	[]	I don’t think any vaccine is safe as it changes your system for long… better be hygienic and safe rather than taking vaccines or injecting toxins in your body..
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-05-31	Ray-Norman-23	[]	Very safe, and even more effective. This is data from CDC VAERS about the mRNA vaccines Pfizer, Moderna, and J&J, collected from the US.As you can see, out of the over 100M+ vaccinations there was only 262k adverse effects reported of the vaccines, and out of those were 4262 deaths, not all of them could be directly traced into resulting of the vaccines. Some vaccines suit some people groups better than others, such as the J&J has specific risk to women under 50’s. However the risks are very small in comparison to covid19 mortality rates, no matter how we look at the data. The current stats of covid19 are 171M+ infections, and 3.5M+ deaths. The deathrate of covid sits at stable 2% of all infections, and the deathrate of vaccines is something around 0.0000%….. Something.Coronavirus Update (Live): 67,193 Cases and 1,527 Deaths from the Wuhan China Virus OutbreakHow dangerous is the virus? There are three parameters to understand in order to assess the magnitude of the risk posed by this novel coronavirus: How contagious is the Wuhan Coronavirus? (Ro) The attack rate or transmissibility (how rapidly the disease spreads) of a virus is indicated by its reproductive number (Ro, pronounced R-nought or r-zero ), which represents the average number of people to which a single infected person will transmit the virus. WHO's estimated (on Jan. 23) Ro to be between 1.4 and 2.5. [ 13 ] Other studies have estimated a Ro between 3.6 and 4.0, and between 2.24 to 3.58. [ 23 ] . Preliminary studies had estimated Ro to be between 1.5 and 3.5. [ 5 ][ 6 ][ 7 ] An outbreak with a reproductive number of below 1 will gradually disappear. For comparison, the Ro for the common flu is 1.3 and for SARS it was 2.0. Fatality Rate ( case fatality ratio or CFR ) of the Wuhan Coronavirus See full details: Wuhan Coronavirus Fatality Rate The novel coronavirus' case fatality rate has been estimated at around 2% , in the WHO press conference held on January 29, 2020 [ 16 ] . However, it noted that, without knowing how many were infected, it was too early to be able to put a percentage on the mortality rate figure. A prior estimate [ 9 ] had put that number at 3%. Fatality rate can change as a virus can mutate, according to epidemiologists. For comparison, the case fatality rate for SARS was 10%, and for MERS 34%. Incubation Period (how long it takes for symptoms to appear) See full details: Wuhan Coronavirus Incubation Period Symptoms of the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) may appear in as few as 2 days or as long as 14 (estimated ranges vary from 2-10 days, 2-14 days, and 10-14 days, see details ), during which the virus is contagious but the patient does not display any symptom ( asymptomatic transmission ). Age and conditions of Coronavirus cases According to China's National Health Commission (NHC), about 80% of those who died were over the age of 60 and 75% of them had pre-existing health conditions such as cardiovascular diseases and diabetes. [ 24 ] According to the WHO Situation Report no. 7 issued on Jan. 27: The median age of cases detected outside of China is 45 years, ranging from 2 to 74 years. 71% of cases were male. A study of 138 hospitalized patients with NCIP found that the median age was 56 years (interquartile range, 42-68; range, 22-92 years) and 75 (54.3%) were men. [ 25 ] The WHO, in its Myth busters FAQs , addresses the question: "Does the new coronavirus affect older people, or are younger people also susceptible?" by answering that: People of all ages can be infected by the new coronavirus (2019-nCoV). Older people , and people with pre-existing medical conditions (such as asthma, diabetes, heart disease) appear to be more vulnerable to becoming severely ill with the virus. Patient who died in the Philippines was a 44-year old male The patient who died in the Philippines on February 2, in what was the first death https://www.worldometers.info/coronavirus/Get vaccinated the first chance you get, and have both doses. Please use a mask prior and after vaccines to protect against breakthrough cases, which do rarely occur, out of 101M vaccinations there was 10k breakthrough cases and 120 deaths. So absolute protection from covid19 death and damage is achieved with both doses of the vaccine (2 weeks after the last dose full vaccination), and properly using a mask at least until there is full herd immunity worldwide. The people unable to get vaccinated need the critical herd immunity worldwide to survive this pandemic, so please help by getting vaccines asap! After seeing this data everyone can safely drop all the absurd antivaxxism ideology, which is purely based on lies.COVID-19 and Your HealthRecommendations on what activities people can do after they have been fully vaccinated, including how to gather safely with vaccinated and unvaccinated people.https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/vaccines/fully-vaccinated.htmlSources: CDC, CDC VAERS, Worldometer.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-06-02	Aachri-Tyagi	[]	It is the WHO(World Health organization) who are the monitors of the safety of vaccines and the process of making the vaccines. They closely work along with national authorities who ensure that the safety standards are met and are safe for human usage. So all the vaccines that the countries are administering have got the approval of WHO. They go through a rigorous, multi-stage testing process which also includes a large-scale clinical trial involving thousands of people. Then an external panel of experts is brought together by WHO and they analyze the results and they set the rules on how the vaccines should be administered. Some of the vaccines have also been developed using modern mRNA vaccine technology. For more information: https://youtu.be/CrsnwQZIak8 Have a good day! Connect with me on Linkedin (Aachri Tyagi) to ask more questions.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-06-11	Littleheart	[]	It si quite safe . About one-quarter to one-third of all people who receive covid vaccines have some side effects. These include fever, headaches, body ache and fatigue. These symptoms usually last not more than a couple of days. Just take rest, and take plenty of water and juices for proper body hydration. It is safe to take painkillers such as paracetamol for these side effects, up to three times per day. But Stop it or reduce it as symptoms subsides. The side effects are a sign that the vaccine is inducing a biological response, but it is not necessary to have side effects for the vaccine to work. Everyone reacts to infection and vaccination in different ways and some people show more reactions than others. The adverse events are dependent upon multiple factors such as age, allergy to any component of the vaccine, or just a normal reaction. A few vaccines use adjuvant to improve the immunogenicity of the vaccines, which helps in improved protection. Though these components are usually very safe , in rare cases, a few individuals may report adverse events. Similarly, a trace of antibiotics is present in some vaccines, used for various reasons including increasing the shelf life. Some individuals may have reaction to these trace antibiotics. In vaccine development, every effort is made to ensure that there is no component which results in allergic reaction, however, as each individual acts differently, it is not possible to exclude that probability. Full readinghttps://beggarbitcoin.com/covid-19-vaccine-common-question-and-answer/
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-06-18	Maruti-Hospital-1	[]	There are strict protections in place to help ensure the safety of all COVID-19 vaccines. Before receiving validation from WHO and national regulatory agencies, COVID-19 vaccines must undergo rigorous testing in clinical trials to prove that they meet internationally agreed benchmarks for safety and efficacy.Unprecedented scientific collaborations have allowed COVID-19 vaccine research, development, and authorizations to be completed in record time – to meet the urgent need for these vaccines while maintaining high safety standards. As with all vaccines, WHO and regulatory authorities will continuously monitor the use of COVID-19 vaccines to identify and respond to any safety issues that might arise, and through that process to assure they remain safe for use around the world.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-06-25	Aditi-Singh-2462	[]	Watch the video given below to know how effective each vaccines are. Also learn their dosing , their storage conditions, temperature and if one dose is sufficient enough to generate an immune response or not? And which vaccine is most effective? What is their procedure lf making? All answers in one video.Want to learn about vaccines? Have a look at this video to get a great insight of COVID-19 vaccines!!Please like, comment, share and subscribe.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-07-14	David-Johnson-19	[]	Every vaccine has some risk. Moderna 2.5 per 1000 doses people have a severe allergic reaction. That's why they recommend a 15 minute observation period. Have you ever got a flu shot? Covid 19 is far more dangerous than seasonal influenza. The benefits far, far outweigh the minimal risk. I had a sore injection site for a few days
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-07-14	Janna-Thom	[]	It doesn’t matter. They want to do the experiment and they want people to participate. Obey them. VAERS statistics are at 9000+ deaths for this year, more than last 30 years combined. Last week they put 2000 people of data in of deaths, which was more than deaths from covid that week. But who cares? Does anyone care about their lives or the lives of others or the bottom line?
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-07-14	Mark-Shinnick-2	[]	If one has no predisposing vulnerability and has a robust non-distracted immune system, go for natural infection. One must know what they are doing while the majority of persons will be fine; the actual vulnerable are only a few % in the first place. With pre-disposing risks or compromised immune system, vaccination clearly safest thing to do.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-07-15	Stephen-Weinstein-8	[]	Nothing is completely safe. For example, while driving somewhere to get the vaccine, you could have a car accident. However, getting the vaccine is much safer than not getting it.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-02-09	Sean-Ballington-2	[]	If I told you that 501 people died in a month from eating Lucky Charms, what would you want? Recall the cereal? Investigate how it happened? Make sure anyone injured or families that lost loved ones were compensated? I can see a TV commercial right now... "Have you or a loved one been injured by Lucky Charms? If so, then you may be entitled to compensation. Call Learner & Rowe. We'll Fight For You!" So why can't we do that for this? Because there are words on pieces of paper that say 'this is the law, it doesn't matter if it's right'? Are you kidding me? The Clinical Trials ARENT Done! We Have ZERO Long-term Data! 501 deaths for a cereal would lead to a recall, but 501 deaths for an experimental product and it's no big deal? I thought every life mattered...I thought the safety of human subjects was first and foremost when using experimental products... This is a global experiment whether you want to admit it or not...the fact that the products being used are still in ongoing clinical trials is kind of a dead give away that this is an experiment. 501 Deaths is enough to stop administration of an experimental product, pending a thorough investigation of safety concerns based upon 45 CFR 46.116 and 46.117 and reasonable standards of compassion for human life. This is a violation of medical ethics, informed consent laws, and basic human compassion when these experimental COVID biologics are specifically and explicitly NOT APPROVED for anyone under 16 years of age (and 18 years of age in reality). These experimental COVID biologics are NOT EUA approved for distribution to ANYONE under 16 years of age Pfizer/BioNTech, 18 years of age Moderna/NIH. It is additionally unconscionable that mandates of these experimental COVID biologics are even being discussed for a safe return to school in several major school districts when we know definitively the following: - We have zero data on long-term health impacts for anyone. - 3,861 people were pulled from the Pfizer/BioNTech clinical trial and there is no published data on what happened to them...but they weren't included in the headline grabbing and grossly inaccurate 95% efficacy number that Pfizer threw out there in December via the New England Journal of Medicine. - Pfizer and Moderna, 2 companies with obvious financial conflicts of interest, were allowed to analyze their own clinical trial data. There was no independent scientific review. - Children 0-12 were never included in the clinical trials for Pfizer or Moderna. - The experimental COVID biologics are still in an ongoing clinical trial. - The Pfizer clinical trials used Rt-qPCR testing exclusively in Phase 2/3 to determine their efficacy numbers for EUA approval and we know the RT-qPCR test cannot be used diagnostically because it is not calibrated to be able to determine infectiousness. Pfizer additionally used RT-qPCR testing without disclosing the cycle threshold (Ct) value. Why are you calling the COVID Biologics experimental? Because the Moderna/NIH Biologic is still in clinical trial until Oct 27, 2022 and the Pfizer/BioNTech Biologic is still in clinical trial until Jan 31, 2023. By definition a product still in an ongoing clinical trial is not FDA approved and therefore legally deemed experimental. Clinical Trialshttps://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT04368728  A Study to Evaluate Efficacy, Safety, and Immunogenicity of mRNA-1273 Vaccine in Adults Aged 18 Years and Older to Prevent COVID-19 - Full Text View - ClinicalTrials.govA Study to Evaluate Efficacy, Safety, and Immunogenicity of mRNA-1273 Vaccine in Adults Aged 18 Years and Older to Prevent COVID-19 - Full Text View.https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT04470427Why are you calling the experimental COVID Biologics, biologics and not vaccines? Because these experimental COVID biologics meet the legal criteria of gene therapy and not the legal criteria to be considered a vaccine. Legal definition of a vaccine “(1) a specially prepared antigen which, upon administration to a person, will result in immunity and, specifically for the purposes of this rule, shall mean influenza and pneumococcal vaccines, (2) a specially prepared antigen administered to a person for the purpose of providing immunity, or (3) a specially prepared antigen, which upon administration to a person may result in immunity.” Have children been included in clinical trials? While Pfizer/BioNTech clinical trials claim to have enrolled children 12 or older into the trial they also report this, "Note that participants <18 years of age cannot be enrolled in the EU." It is VERY concerning that children under 18 can be enrolled in a clinical trial such as this when that clinical trial did not include animal studies prior to human enrollment. It is also VERY concerning that these experimental COVID biologics made it from conception to market in 7 months when most vaccines take 8 to 10 years to reach market. Our people are not guinea pigs...but our people, including our children, are being used as guinea pigs now. Have pregnant women been included in clinical trials? Absolutely not...there is no data to support the safety or efficacy of the experimental COVID biologics for this demographic. It is medically irresponsible and unethical to continue to distribute these experimental COVID biologics to anyone where data for that demographic is unavailable. On 1.26 the WHO issued a press release saying that pregnant women should not get the Moderna/NIH experimental COVID biologic. On 1.31 the WHO reversed position and now say it's safe with zero data to support their claim, but we do have evidence through VAERS that babies in womb have been aborted after pregnant women have received the experimental COVID biologic. The WHO goes on to state, "The vaccine should not be administered to persons younger than 18 years of age pending the results of further studies." Do we have laws regarding human experimentation? Yes 45 CFR 46 (Particularly 46-116 and 46-117) Informed Consent Laws - Electronic Code of Federal Regulations (eCFR) Understand that for any biologic to still be in clinical trial there are very stringent laws regarding the continuation of that human medical experiment so as to protect the safety for all volunteers. Understand that 1 death is enough to halt a clinical trial, if not terminate it. Understand that these experimental COVID biologics never went through animal testing because when they attempted animal testing for SARS-CoV the animal trials were a abject failure. Understand that because this is an experimental product 501 deaths in 5 weeks is more than enough to terminate the clinical trial if objectivity and compassion are still a factor in our decision making. However, if eugenics practices that paved the way for slavery and the medical experimentation on slaves, forced sterilization laws, Hitler and the Nazi reign of terror, and the Tuskegee Experiment are ok with everyone...they yes...let's go ahead and continue to openly discuss mandating an experimental COVID biologic that we know kills people, without even being sure it prevents the spread of the infection. Eugenics is the deplorable philosophy that one group of people (always filthy rich, always white, almost always male) gets to decide who is fit or unfit for procreation, for social advancement and even to live. Remember all those science fiction movies where there were never any black folks, asian dudes, hermanos y hermanas, first nation peoples, native islanders? Yeah, that wasn't an accident. We all know we were never really a part of the 1%'s vision for the future. This ain't new to us. Well the good part is it isn't even about race anymore really when you understand what's going down. To a modern eugenicist, you have to make 8 figures or you're an expendable afterthought. It don't matter if you black, white, tie-die, translucent...if you ain't got the capitol baby then you ain't in the club. What I'm saying is, if you're white and don't have 2 commas in your bank account, that you are one of us now. So welcome to the family. The so called elite don't care about you, so we better all learn how to start caring about each other. Right? Welcome to the Fam...we brothers and sisters now...and THANK GOD FOR THAT! #RealTalk Can a brotha get an Amen? Yeah I'm preaching to you now. We are all God's Children and doesn't that feel GOOD! We all finally have a common cause. The petty lie that racism has always been, has no meaning to us any more because the challenge in front of us ain't about that. Just like it ain't about who's right...it's about WHAT'S RIGHT! Can your brotha get an amen? 501 people dying over cereal and trust me, some things gonna get investigated. So 501 people dying over an experimental product better get investigated too... If we really as righteous as we act so damn always. Virtue signaling with band-aids and such...please...the problem is they think we're stupid... The people who perpetuate this have such an incredibly low opinion of our intellect and our power. So they gonna have to feel both. I don't like bullies. I don't like being bullied. When you tell me I have to something I don't want to do or there will be a negative consequence...when there are other options...safer options...more effective options...options with a much longer track record...options with more administrations and ZERO fatalities for DECADES... Well, when you tell me I have to do something I don't want to do it makes me think of something that tickles me in my mind to remember... 'I was born a freeman. My daddy was born a freeman. His momma was born a free woman. Her momma was born a free woman. Her momma was born a free woman. And her momma was born a slave...my son was born a freeman...his children will be born free as well... I don't have to fight to be free. I am free...you can't take from me that which I refuse to give away.' Can I get an amen? What I'm saying to you, my family is real...[warning...my vernacular is about to get a bit ghetto...this is what my people come from with love in their hearts and working hard] Every week now I hear stories close to my heart of kids that died by suicide, attempted suicide...I hear stories of families that got a call that they mama died and they were forced to stay away...I hear stories of business owners who had to shut their doors forever or people getting laid off... These are real people...many of them are us...this is the life THEY created that WE had NO say in... 'I am free.' I am free not because someone tells me I am...I am free because I am. And so are you, my family. You are FREE. Free to say, 'yes I care about anyone and everyone dying.' Free to say, 'y'all public health folks been at this for 12 months and it's worse.' Free to say, 'our morale, our very spirit is at an all-time low and that's not ok...not over this.' Free to say, 'we have to start talking about ALL THE COLLATERAL DAMAGE!' Free to say, 'it's ok to disagree...but let's agree to be agreeable.' Free to say, 'it's high time for some new ideas. We need some stuff that works and won't kill me or someone I love.' Free to say, 'why haven't you given nutritional guidance...it's evidence-based...are you really withholding it...why would you do that if you are?' And Free to say, 'it's not about who's right...it's about what's right.' What can we be... When we decide to see... The truth hiding in plain sight? I dream of a time that can... Be felt across the land... That in my heart I carry my brother's plight. You wanted me to care about your mom so you asked me to wear a mask even though there's no scientific evidence to support it and a lot of evidence to say it didn't work. But, I did. You shamed me into caring about the numbers, the numbers, the numbers of people dying...but you judged me wrong...I agreed with you... But just wanted to know why you didn't seem to care about the people dying alone or the one's who hurt themselves in despair? Can I get an amen? If you're not awake yet, at least show compassion for people being killed and injured by this experiment. Call for a pause on this global human experiment. Know that under EUA people who administer experimental COVID biologics are REQUIRED to report all adverse events in detail to the Vaccine Adverse Events Reporting System (VAERS). So the information in VAERS is the closest thing we will get when it comes to the surveillance of these experimental COVID biologics. Medical experimentation on human subjects with evidence-based treatments being withheld from the public is EXACTLY what happened with the Tuskegee Experiment...EXACTLY! If it was wrong for that, and it most certainly was, then it's wrong for this too. Tell people the truth...that there are options...that the experimental COVID biologics are still in clinical trial and while some results may look promising, there is real risk and the efficacy is not yet proven. Tell the people the truth...give us the options to decide what's best for us...and let us get on with the joy of living again. Say No to Tuskegee 2.0 #StayWoke #LoveLogicLight #STOPTheSpreadofEugenics
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Kevin-Richards-16	[]	No vaccine is safe. End of story. They ALL contain poisonous antigens to illicit an immune response. A vaccine for COVID19 is no different - it contains poisonous antigens that get the immune system to respond. Load up on Vitamin D, Vitamin C, Zinc and Selenium and you don’t need a vaccine for any coronavirus.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Thomas-Busse-4	[]	For most people, it’s probably safe, although the long term or unknown effects of the two currently approved vaccines have not been evaluated. There is a system called VAERS that tracks adverse vaccine reactions., and yes, there has been at least one death. The emerging problems seem to be mostly centered on allergic reactions known as “anaphylactic shock.” This is the type of extreme allergy associated with some people and bee stings, antibiotics, and peanuts. Another unknown is long-term impact on fertility, and a University of Miami team even recommended men freeze their sperm before vaccine administration. For this reason, vaccine manufacturers have cautioned individuals with known allergic reactions to avoid the vaccine. It is also not recommended for individuals under age 16, and clinical trials did not evaluate its impact on pregnancy (something disclosed in the manufacturer’s inserts). In spite of the vaccine hype and propaganda, the real limitation of the vaccine seems to be efficacy: the vaccine does nothing to prevent or limit viral transmission and was not evaluated on that basis. If the goal is to end public health matters, then the question is: what’s the point? Here is coverage by investigative journalist Ben Swann:
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Suzanne-Kellner-Zinck-1	[]	Thanks for the question. Vaccines have a place that is for sure, as I had no problem getting mine updated when I went for my travel vaccine for yellow fever when I went to Africa many years ago. This is my problem with COVID -19 Vaccine - it takes a very long time to develop one that will work and it takes even more time to figure out if it is actually stopping the infections - without causing more harm than good. We have seen some vaccines being developed and the studies stopped because people died or had such bad side-effects it wasn’t worth taking it. From all the research I have done to date, it seems that 85% of the people who have been taken very ill from this virus are over the age of 85, most of them having comorbidities that would make them susceptible to any foreign virus or bacteria. I would never take a vaccine without it being proven to work without major side-effects which would be probably decades away. The one thing I keep hearing from the virologist is that even if the vaccine was to protect people, they have no idea for how long, many believe only a few months - which means it isn’t very helpful in the longer term. I have also heard virologists say that it's a bit late to be vaccinating people for COVID-19 as the masses have already been exposed so the vaccine would be too late. This is just based on my understanding from those who actually understand this stuff - virologists - not the media, not the politicians - the PH.D. virologists and MDs with backgrounds in cellular biology and virology as well. I was just watching a video today by Michael Mina who stated what I just said. So, there you go. Use your own mind to decide what to allow into your own body as best you are able. The governments may take that right away which is pretty sad based on what I have learned on this journey. Thanks again for asking the question - it is only my opinion - everyone else is allowed to have their own.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-10-19	Jane-Doe-5950	[]	Look at all the lawsuits for FDA approved vaccines and drugs that were approved after a much longer trial period and found to be unsafe. Off the top of my head I can think of a dozen, starting in 1939 with the very first DPT vaccine. Congress paid millions in damages to people damaged by that, including two members of my family. And the live polio vax. And on and on. Fen Phen killed a lot of people but it was a SAFE weight loss miracle. Xarelto. I took it for a few months five years ago and I still get letters from lawyers. Nexium. Celebrex. All of these products were FDA approved. Do you actually think a vaccine forced through by Donald Trump will be safe? Not me!
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Andy-3696	[]	None have been safe ,but guess we'll see,there is a video online about a frontline nurse,collapsing after she got the Pfizer vaccination,Tiffany Dover if you want to check it out.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Gabriel-2043	[]	With the risk of Covid death so ridiculously low (0.7%, assuming you get it) just about any discouragement would be enough to keep me from getting the vaccine. I’ve seen enough tragic vaccine injuries already, and this one also changes the DNA. Not something I like the sound of, as largely untested gene editing has a good chance of making one sterile. I want kids, and plenty of them.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Deborah-Jackson-257	[]	No. It's been rushed through and made by a company that is new and has no previous track record. Im not touching it!
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-07-19	Arthur-W-Corbin	[]	There is no vaccine. The test subjects were Russian soldiers, not volunteers. The number of test subjects was 20, a normal test cohort is in the thousands. And the Russians have not published any scientific data for peer review and replication.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-09-19	Jane-Adams-130	[]	Unfortunately, OP, there isn’t a COVID-19 vaccine yet, unless you have some information that the rest of us don’t. So your premise is, as of now, fatally flawed.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-11-19	Steve-Hesselton	[]	The trials are showing good results so it should be safe, yes. It requires two injections spaced over time so both must be received to get full immunity. Also I believe that there are still questions about how long the immunity lasts, the results of the trials should provide that answer, as well.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Jay-Fisher-58	[]	It was rushed through the approval process. I’m curious if there will be long term side effects. There was never a coronavirus vaccine prior to this one. How did this one get to market so fast? Finally, the experts cannot perfect the test for the virus. I can’t put faith in the vaccine if the test isn’t even perfect yet.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Thomas-Burns-131	[]	It’s safer than dying! Most people will be lucky to receive a vaccine by this time next year. Before that Global logistical nightmare frontline emergency workers and the vulnerable will be vaccinated first giving the rest of us plenty of time to watch what happens to the “guinea pigs”
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Luis-Kidda	[]	Yes. Likely as good or better. And delivered quicker because Russia doesn't have to wait on our glacial FDA.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Ramzy-Haddad-2	[]	The FDA delivered its itemized review of the Pfizer/BioNTech clinical information for their COVID-19 immunization participants, in which the office revealed no severe health concerns. As with other types of immunizations, minor adverse events, with most of the study participants, suffered injection site reactions, short-term fatigue, and headaches. You can check this Quora answer for more info
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	James-Edward-Hinds	[]	I personally do not want to take a COVID vaccine for three reasons.COVID appears to be mutating and evolving in response environmental pressures. Natural selection will usually select mutant strains with higher transmissibility and lower lethality. The current mutant strains appear to be affected by the vaccines, but as vaccines get rolled out, natural selection will start to select for COVID strains which resist the vaccine. Between these two factors, I do not believe a vaccine will help as much as people think.We really do not know if the COVID vaccine has any long-term health consequences. It’s too new to know. Considering that even mild COVID cases can cause permanent organ damage, it is not unreasonable to conjecture that the vaccine may as well.The COVID vaccines are not pleasant things to take. Most people will experience flu- or hangover-like symptoms for over a week, and experience some post-viral depression after that. This is not taking a shot and being miraculously immune to COVID.Between these factors, I have decided that I am going to prepare my immune system’s terrain with diet and supplementation and I will wait and see what comes of the COVID vaccines before I take one.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Mohammed-Ammar-113	[]	COVID-19 vaccines are safe, even with long-term data lacking Vaccines have been developed in record time, but medical experts say there has been no skimping on safety.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Florian-Gall-1	[]	It’s a marvel of science and global cooperation that we have not just one, but multiple highly effective vaccines just one year after the emergence of a new virus. And not just that, but we have vaccines with different approaches and characteristics (e.g. storage conditions) which means they can be tailored to different situations. Among them the first (to my knowledge) that use mRNA to prime the immune system against the virus without needing a “deactivated” virus or something similar. I’m optimistic that there will be many more use cases for this innovation. What a time to be alive!
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-02-13	Patricia-Merriman-3	[]	Let me use a more familiar example: Are seat belts safe? Well, you say, most of the time, yes. I mean, they can be uncomfortable… and can cause some injuries in a car wreck that might not have otherwise occurred… it is even possible to imagine a situation in which a person who would have otherwise survived would be killed by one… But the point is that your chance of being hospitalized or dead after a wreck goes way down if you were belted at the time. It is an odds game. Is it conceivable that wearing your seatbelt at all times you are in a moving vehicle could kill you, or give you injuries you otherwise would not have had? Yes. Is it comfortable? Not really. Does it stand a much better chance of saving your life or saving you from severe injuries than it does of killing you? Definite yes. So, to answer your actual question, are the COVID vaccines (at least those available in America and related countries, like Canada and Western Europe) safe? Well, most of the time, yes. I mean, they aren't entirely comfortable… and can even possibly do some harm… it is even possible to imagine a situation in which one could kill someone (though there have been no reports of this yet)… But the point is that your chance of being hospitalized or dead after infection with COVID goes way down if you were fully vaccinated at the time. It is an odds game. Is it conceivable that getting vaccinated as close to the recommended amount as possible could kill you, or give you injuries you would not otherwise have had? Yes. Is it comfortable? Not really. Does it stand a much better chance of saving your life or saving you from severe injuries than it does of killing you? Definite yes. The same applies for all vaccines and the diseases they protect against.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-14	John-Braines-1	[]	As far as I am aware so far no vaccine has been approved for those under 16 years old, although I expect that to happen later this year. The vaccines currently being given world wide have been given to tens of millions of people and no one is reported to have had any lasting issues. There are potential side effects which is the same for any vaccine. Those administering the jabs should be well trained in how to deal with these., the most serious is a severe allergic reaction. If this happens it will occur within minutes of being given the injection. If you take any group of millions of people one would expect some of them to fall ill at any time and giving them a vaccination does not reduce this. many of the notifications of ‘events’ following vaccinations, sometimes days or weeks later are such things. Covid-19 is a nasty illness and very easily spread. A complete vaccination program 65% ensure at least 95% of the population is vaccinated is part of the way out of the pandemic.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-14	Harry-Macdonald-30	[]	Very safe. 23million in the UK and still going without significant harm. With that many, some people are bound to become ill just after being vaccinated so there will be scare stories. The most dangerous part is driving to the vaccination centre.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-14	Bob-Whitcombe-1	[]	Ah - a math problem. With 2.7Million dead, 550,000 in the US alone, from COVID-19 who did not take the vaccine and Zero dead from those who have had the vaccine and minimal hospital needs for those that got COVID but were vaccinated - the answer is … Mucho Safe. What is unsafe is the social media campaign that unites so called “patriots” (with very very small “p”) with foreign interests seeking to divide and tear down America. Shameful.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-16	Ed-Caruthers	[]	“Do you think the covid vaccines are safe?” I just checked the internet. As of March 15, 2021, 71+ million Americans have gotten at least one dose of a COVID-19 vaccine and 38+ million have gotten two doses. Worldwide, 225+ million have gotten at least one dose and 85+ million have gotten two doses. So far there are no deaths clearly caused by a vaccine and no hospitalizations. Some early cases of anaphylactic shock were frightening. Now every site is prepared and there don’t seem to be many cases. Yes, I think the vaccines are safe. If you want to be safer than this, you have to stay at home in permanent quarantine.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-17	Lee-Daley-13	[]	Yes, I do. For the majority. There will always be those that will unfortunately react in a bad way to them. But the quantity of those people are far outweighed by those who fully benefit from them.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-18	Daisy-Witter	[]	Yes. They were studied and tested for quite some time now. The gave animals some COVID then the vaccine and the other way around. They did tests on humans to make sure that it’s safe. If you look at the COVID deaths your going to see way less more than before. This is more of a personal topic and up to you to decide. Also, there are multiply vaccine to choose from so if you don’t like one then there’s more options for you.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-20	Dwight-Wascom	[]	The vaccines are very safe. Out of 100 control groups had 95% effective and safe. The 5% that tested positive for the Corona virus had very minor side effects, no hospitalizations, and no deaths..
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-21	Sunil-Gaur-65	[]	India has administered the COVID vaccine to more than 25 Mn doses and the rate of an adverse event is less than 0.0005%. This shows it is very very safe
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-27	Lidiya-Angelova-2	[]	There is no enough data about it. All reports are speculation. Will be known after clinical research finishes in 2023 and all results are analysed.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-04-28	Dr-Vinod-Bokhare	[]	COVID-19 vaccines have been introduced on emergency basis , before it proves safety and efficacy in a broader manner. But still that was necessary ,taking COVID-19 vaccine is need of time . Don't miss it take the shot before it finishes or increases price.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-06-25	Bill-Butts-14	[]	How safe is it after five years? No one can possibly know. It is not only a new vaccine, it is a new vaccine technology, mRNA.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-27	Rez-Alai	[]	Absolutely not. Over 3,000 people are dead in the UK and almost 170,000 people have been injured after taking it. The covid vaccine is being used to depopulate. Do your own research. Don’t follow the crowd. Good luck
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Ralph-Salotto	[]	Who wouldn’t trust it. Bill Gates, a well known proponent of genocide is all in favor of it and he has several successes in Africa to bear out his modus operandi. Take the vaccine it’s sterilization component will only affect future generation so ……….. Who Cares? So your kids can’t have any children, like Hillary says, “What difference does it make.” Fear “Death Serum” for everyone.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-11-19	George-Linker	[]	that depends on how much trust one puts in science. It is not like they have never screwed up before. It is already reported that you will be sicker than a dog after the second vaccine. Does it make sense to make people sick to prevent them from being sick? They have had one death in trials. Do you believe that that death was not related to the vaccine?
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	David-Meredith-40	[]	Ask those who get it in 2020/21 in 10 years time - if they are still around and have retained full cognitive abilities.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-18	Richard-Gibb-5	[]	The World Health Organisation, the British Regulator and the European Medical Agency all say it is fine and very safe.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Paul-Wicker-11	[]	Yes. So far everyone who has taken the vaccination has turned into a zombie like in the walking dead.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Lynn-Bryant-DeSpain	[]	No Vaccine introduced into the Human Species can ever be guaranteed 100% Safe. In the war against Viruses, there are always risks. To the greatest extent and for the largest majority, Vaccines are a benefit. Do the “End Pandemics?” Most assuredly not. Historically, Medical Evidence Facts reveal Pandemics end themselves within One Year of their Initial Beginning. At this time “Herd Immunity” becomes present to prevent that particular Virus from ever achieving Pandemic Proportions again. Viruses have attacked mankind from their beginnings. For example, Hepatitis C massively introduced itself in the 1960’s yet did not make its presence known for 20–25 years, yet has been traced back to the 14th Century and is believed to have come from horses, perhaps dogs. What is introduced into our bodies today may or may not have an effect on us, or our children tomorrow. Lynn Bryant DeSpain
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-02-14	Steve-Wells-21	[]	If it is about the synthetic mRNA vaccine, then PASS on it. It is a gamble of not knowing the long term effects. This means, once in, might not be able to take it out of your system, if all things go wrong with it down the road.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Terry-Ferguson-51	[]	Healthcare is the sorcery of Babylon.Look up the word Pharmakia in hebrew and greek,in the strongs concordance of the bible.Google funvax,I saw this videos several years ago on youtube about a vaccine that blocks the God gene.I have heard some talk about this vaccine containing G5 which some have said block God`s frequency.I have no idea how this workd.I don`t know if it1s the mark of the beast.You will not be able to buy or sell,if you do not take the mark of the beast.If many refuse the vaccine,and can still buy and sell,it is not the mark of the beast.STILL,not a good idea to take it,I don`t think.Corona is likely a demonic http://spirit.So is every single disorder.Read the Book of Acts,and the 4 gospels in the KIng James bible.See deliverance videos by WIn Worley,Derek Prince,and John EChardt.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-27	Gareth-Welsby-1	[]	only if you want pig RNA injected into your arm. that’s probably not good for anyone, and you will end up with a hole in your arm! and there is no single actual vaccine.. but several competitors. very suspicious!!! personally i think it’s a racist conspiracy by white folks who are very sick and are trying to steal the UK (Britain is Welsh) from the Red folks (these guys with an actual positive blood group).. by intimating that a positive blood test result indicates disease.. rather than stating affirmatives for a disease test. And by encouraging foreign groups to call themselves British even if they are not… like the English are NOT british or positive! and now their descendants will be Brown folks (Prince Harry (He’s not from Wales). For example the British Health minister Vaughan Gething is a Zambian, he’s not even from Britain. Furthermore.. if they are getting you to wear a face mask it’s possibly back-door Islamisation of society, and that makes the idea of these “Vaccines” and the covid-19 disease even less trustworthy. Personally i prefer to spit, and believe that natural immunity requires no vaccination campaign… it will only put more virus in more people.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-03-14	Sherman-Winston	[]	Absolutely ! The vaccines are safe!… Ignorant influenced stupidity of the human dieting behaviour is what's unsafe. Yet, no one seems to be questioning that as 'ridiculously' as the queries over the vaccines. Instead, sick dieting is grotesquely abused in the misguided indulgences to benefit the who? — those we've cry over as the one percent economical class. Providing profitably, the - 'junk' rubbish that we so habitually consume. Why is there a need for human, immune boost; in the first place? God did not plan that. -Not in his words, not in his works. -Opinion- it is there, where one thinks, the dependency, - well, actually the overwhelming embarrassing addictive reliance of burden is placed- unnecessarily, on the shoulders of medical institutions. And. With the audacity to so, wildly insult their efforts by spewing sensitive baseless claims on the vaccines safety. (Really, is somebody out there in the pragmatic corners of their mind believes that the vaccines could be intentionally unsafe? I mean, there's no other way to think of it. Is there? (Wonder why (Big Pharma) is big?: The search and main purpose of the vaccines safety really, is on the human nourishment intricacies hence, the need for vaccines efficacy. A quick, (what one calls the anabolic fix), supply to people who've wasted their wisdom on proper dieting throughout time. The right diet would've in the first first place nourish their bodies enough. Maybe then we could call on the medical institutions to provide us instead with the cures, not the scares. So, until then the vaccines is what we've got. Be thankful!..
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	James-Dixon-137	[]	Since the beginning of time, the walk of life as recorded upon the four lettered G C A T nomenclature is being rewritten upon those ladder like salt molecules which make up DNA. Unlike previous vaccines where the natural antibodies are utilized, science has the ability to change that which has been written by what, natural selection or by intelligent design ? With the virus being known for over a year now, science intends on injecting the whole of humanity with this rewrite. Doctors of the laws of logic are heaping society with familial prophesies, inducing untold stress and anxiety, not to mention the women having their breasts removed with familial prophesy being given. Ask the doctors why the elevated death statistics of one ethnic group here in the Americas yet not so to the East. DNA is made up of a small portion which is considered the coding portion, while the larger non- coding portion dictates the activities of that smaller portion. That controlling larger portion, science knows very little other than the G C A T makeup. Little if anything is known of the communication between the two by science. Yet, the smaller coding portion is all that is required in the cloning of a duplicate flesh, so science has determined. All that is want to be known of the inner communication between the two parts of that Book of the Living, that Book of Life; DNA has been left for humanities comprehension. That smaller coding portion is recorded as the Doctrine of the Nicolaites, of the Flesh, thereby its ability to clone the flesh. Both Doctrines as per scripture contain the covenants and laws as written in scripture. For the whole of all scripture is of the unfolding of the mentality of humanity, that light within that was not and is not comprehended to this day. For lo, the kingdom of God is within you. That which thinks in you is precisely that which is swallowed down into the earthly bodily sepluchres of flesh, swallowed down with the earth covering over, not to be seen again, this is one of the descriptions of Alzheimer’s, the most recorded parable of the Gospels is now the shadow of the sixth largest cause of carnal death just by one of its attributes. The Gammaliel of which Moses and Paul wrote of is that same entity, the lawyer within us all, that testifies to the veracity of this truth, the abnormal gamma wave pattern displayed by all suffering these sorrows. Those who live by the sword shall perish with the sword. Follow the Science translated is the rally call to live by the Sword. The larger non- coding portion is being written every day of our lives as Young’s Double Light Slit Experiment testifies to the fact that nothing remains hidden. The Egyptian Obelisk being the symbol of the writing of which the Hebrew records I’ve overlaid on Leonardo da Vinci’s completed painting set around the well of Jacob, the Adoration complete just as Plato’s tale of Atlantis being of the kingdom within.Leonardo knew the parable of the Son of Man; DNA.Is it safe, I think only God knows that.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Thyaga-Rajan-2	[]	It is a well known fact that the vaccine has not been developed duly following the due process that is to be followed. A WHO Sr Scientist (Dr Soumya Swaminathan) stated about 4 months ago that a vaccine generally takes minimum of a decade to develop. The vaccines that have been developed for other diseases are NOT 100 % effective as can be seen that those diseases are reported from some or other corner of the world, though in small numbers. As far as the present vaccine is concerned too, UK experts had 3 months ago stated that the vaccine will NOT be effective beyond 6 months. Of course for common people like us it is very difficult to deduce its effectiveness, side effects - short and long term, etc. Manufacturers of Moderna and Pfizer BioNTech have claimed that their vaccines are 95 % effective. Hence it for each one to come to a conclusion about its effectiveness. All said and done something is better than nothing.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-02-09	Joseph-Kosior	[]	I think most people should take it if they have the opportunity. I know some people think the pandemic is not real and this whole COVID thing has been politicized in order for the government to seize control of a scared population so my question is this; “If the pandemic isn’t real what is really in the vaccines”? I think the good thing about the COVID-19 pandemic is that nobody has died from anything else since this thing came along.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-12-19	Billy-Lee-85	[]	Published 12 December 2020: The public, much of it, seems to be confused about what has happened with Covid-19 vaccines and what is about to happen. Let me say at the outset that no member of the public in the USA can legally be inoculated with any Covid vaccine. No one is required to take a vaccine that hasn't been approved even if they want it. The FDA has issued an EUA (emergency use authorization) for the Pfizer vaccine. Emergency use is not the same as approval. The Pfizer vaccine seems to be protective against severe disease. No evidence for viral sterilization has been presented. What it means is that people who are inoculated can still become infected but the virus will find it more difficult to get inside their cells to produce severe disease. It seems likely that inoculated, infected people will be able to continue to spread the disease. The consequence is that any idea of "herd" immunity is myth. For symptomatic disease to go away, everyone will have to be vaccinated. Anyone not inoculated will eventually become infected and risk a virulent immune response that could injure or kill them. The disease will continue to rage out of control possibly forever but 95% of the victims will be asymptomatic after the entire population is vaccinated. Anyone not vaccinated will have no protection against more virulent natural encounters which will leave the survivors with an immunity that is 15% effective, according to data currently available. 15% is not much compared to the 95% that can be gained by vaccination. The situation that we are currently facing is dire and civilization-changing. Nothing we have in our tool kit right now is going to change the necessity to continue to mask and social distance. The reason is that vaccinated people will continue to be periodically reinfected. 19 out of 20 times they won't notice. One of the 20 infections will make them mildly symptomatic. Unvaccinated people will continue to suffer injuries and 3% of the unvaccinated will die after each wave of infections. The public is not going to be vaccinated until FDA approvals are issued. The earliest the approvals can come is late April 2021. The good news is that new vaccines are in the pipeline. Some of them might provide sterilizing immunity. When and if sterilizing immunity becomes a thing, the Covid-19 nightmare will be over. It won't be known until this time next year how much risk, if any, the Pfizer vaccine imposes on large, diverse populations. We are going to learn as we go. Screw-ups are going to occur. They always do when new vaccines are introduced. Nevertheless, the safety trials thus far are reassuring. The Pfizer vaccine seems to be miraculously protective. It is probably because very few people got infected during the trials—not in the vaccinated group certainly, but also not in the placebo group either. Most experts want to see more data over a longer period of time. It might turn out that the vaccine is more protective than the data shows but it could be less. More data will shrink uncertainty. The following TWIV video of experts talking is long but current and understandable. The issue of the apparent absence of evidence for sterilizing immunity is discussed at 27 minutes and again at 1 hour and 27 minutes. Times are approximate and span about 5 minutes each, give or take. VAX TO THE FUTURE
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-04-17	Terry-Mummery	[]	Like the other authorised vaccines for COVID-19 the Oxford/AstraZeneca vaccine has undergone extensive reviews of its trial results. The FDA on reviewing the trial data wanted a larger sample size with more American volunteers, that retrial has been carried out and the resulted were better than the original findings. Many countries are using the vaccine already or at at various stages of vaccinating their citizens with it. The U.K. started a mass vaccination programme using Pfizer and AstraZeneca vaccines at the start of this year . They operated an adverse effects database updatable online and produce reports regularly. Some weeks ago I checked the summary report and it showed very similar results which ever vaccine was being reported on. The coronavirus briefings has detailed ibmnformation showing that the vaccinated people had lower admissions into hospitals than the younger less at risk groups. Bith vaccines In use reported comparable level of adverse reactions. The U.K. has administered the first dose of a vaccine nearly 30.5 million using two of the approved vaccines and the vaccination process has started on the oldest Checking on some historical data , for the week up to 14 March there thad been 13.7 million doses of the AstraZeneca vaccine administered and 10.9 million of the Pfizer vaccine in the U.K. a different source has collected comparison data4 charts show how the UK’s coronavirus vaccine rollout is starting to workThe first real-world data from the U.K.'s inoculation program has given an insight into how effective vaccines have been against Covid-19.https://www.cnbc.com/2021/03/01/coronavirus-uk-charts-show-how-vaccines-are-working.htmlWhich is basically showing the effects of the vaccination programme in the U.K. some eeeks ago. A more politically biased viewCOVID-19 vaccine supply and manufacturing in the UKSecretary of State for Health and Social Care Matt Hancock speaks at the Global COVID-19 Vaccine Supply Chain and Manufacturing Summit at Chatham House.https://www.gov.uk/government/speeches/covid-19-vaccine-supply-and-manufacturing-in-the-ukFor overall safety issues in the U.K. the following site contains details and analysis.Coronavirus vaccine - weekly summary of Yellow Card reporting This report covers the period 9 December 2020 to 30 June 2021. Summary At the time of this report, over 128,204 people across the UK have died within 28 days of a positive test for coronavirus (COVID-19). Vaccination is the single most effective way to reduce deaths and severe illness from COVID-19. A national immunisation campaign has been underway since early December 2020. Three COVID-19 vaccines, Pfizer/BioNTech, COVID-19 Vaccine AstraZeneca and COVID-19 Vaccine Moderna, are currently being used in the UK. All have been authorised for supply by the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency ( MHRA ) following a thorough review of safety, quality and efficacy information from clinical trials. In clinical trials , the vaccines showed very high levels of protection against symptomatic infections with COVID-19. Data are now available on the impact of the vaccination campaign in reducing infections and illness in the UK. All vaccines and medicines have some side effects. These side effects need to be continuously balanced against the expected benefits in preventing illness. The Pfizer/BioNTech vaccine was evaluated in clinical trials involving more than 44,000 participants. The most frequent adverse reactions in trials were pain at the injection site, fatigue, headache, myalgia (muscle pains), chills, arthralgia (joint pains), and fever; these were each reported in more than 1 in 10 people. These reactions were usually mild or moderate in intensity and resolved within a few days after vaccination. Adverse reactions were reported less frequently in older adults (over 55 years) than in younger people. The COVID-19 Vaccine AstraZeneca was evaluated in clinical trials involving more than 23,000 participants. The most frequently reported adverse reactions in these trials were injection-site tenderness, injection-site pain, headache, fatigue, myalgia, malaise, pyrexia (fever), chills, arthralgia, and nausea; these were each reported in more than 1 in 10 people. The majority of adverse reactions were mild to moderate in severity and usually resolved within a few days of vaccination. Adverse reactions reported after the second dose were milder and reported less frequently than after the first dose. Adverse reactions were generally milder and reported less frequently in older adults (65 years and older) than in younger people. The COVID-19 Vaccine Moderna was evaluated in clinical trials involving more than 30,000 participants. The most frequent adverse reactions in these trials were pain at the injection site, fatigue, headache, myalgia (muscle pains), arthralgia (joint pains), chills, nausea/vomiting, axillary swelling/tenderness (swelling/tenderness of glands in the armpit), fever, injection site swelling and redness; these were each reported in more than 1 in 10 people. These reactions were usually mild or moderate in intensity and resolved within a few days after vaccination. Adverse reactions were reported less frequently in older adults (ovhttps://www.gov.uk/government/publications/coronavirus-covid-19-vaccine-adverse-reactions/coronavirus-vaccine-summary-of-yellow-card-reporting#analysis-of-dataAs I live InThe U.K. , the U.K. figures are of local importance, the USA has similar database to report of data for their citizens VAERS Wikipedia has the following entryVaccine Adverse Event Reporting System - WikipediaThe Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System ( VAERS ) is a United States program for vaccine safety, co-managed by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and the Food and Drug Administration (FDA). VAERS is a postmarketing surveillance program, collecting information about adverse events (possible harmful side effects ) that occur after administration of vaccines to ascertain whether the risk–benefit ratio is high enough to justify continued use of any particular vaccine. VAERS, the Vaccine Safety Datalink , and the Clinical Immunization Safety Assessment (CISA) Network are tools by which the CDC and FDA monitor vaccine safety [1] to fulfill their duty as regulatory agencies charged with protecting the public. VAERS has limitations, including unverified reports, misattribution, underreporting , and inconsistent data quality . [2] CDC cautions that it is generally not possible to find out from VAERS data if a vaccine caused the adverse event, or how common the event might be. [3] The program is an outgrowth of the 1986 National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act (NCVIA), which requires health care providers to report: Any event listed by the vaccine manufacturer as a contraindication to subsequent doses of the vaccine. Any event listed in the Reportable Events Table that occurs within the specified time period after vaccination. The data are stored electronically by the CDC in the Vaccine Safety Datalink (VSD). VAERS was established in 1990 and is managed jointly by the FDA and the CDC. [4] It is meant to act as a sort of "early warning system"—a way for physicians and researchers to identify possible unforeseen reactions or side effects of vaccination for further study. Operation Edit Higher-priority uses of the data include reports of death and other serious adverse events, recognizing and detecting adverse effects, and finding unexpected adverse events involving new vaccines. The VAERS data are also used to monitor known reactions to vaccines and for vaccine lot surveillance. Data mining techniques such as empirical Bayes methods can be used to improve the quality of data analysis. [4] The system was used in 1999 to identify a rotavirus vaccine that had an increased risk of a bowel obstruction condition , and confirmatory research led to the vaccine's use being suspended. [5] [6] [7] Limitations Edit Like other spontaneous reporting systems, VAERS has several limitations, including underreporting, unverified reports, inconsistent data quality, and inadequate data about the number of people vaccinated. Indeed, an autism activist named Jim Laidler once reported to VAERS that a vaccine had turned him into The Incredible Hulk . The report was accepted and entered into the database, but the dubious nature thereof prompted a VAERS representative to contact Mr. Laidler, who then gave his consent to delete the report. [8] Use in research and litigation Edit Many medical researchers make use of VAERS to study the effects of vaccination. VAERhttps://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vaccine_Adverse_Event_Reporting_System
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-06-21	Jason-Bell-24	[]	Disease pandemics roll in undetected, kill and maim the young and elderly with weakest immunity against. None of this happened before or after the WHO “pandemic “ declaration March 11, 2020. Disease pandemics are a unique disease with documentable pathogenesis and real discoverable microbial causation or co-factor. No physical Sars-Cov-2 has been found in any human. In 2009 the WHO revised the definition of pandemic, after Bill Gates became second largest donor, to “a new disease that spreads around the world,” with no association to infection and mortality and forbids every old disease from qualifying. The new pandemic definition is a name only that spreads around the world by “flooded through the media”(Gates). Covid-19 is a mainstream corporate media propaganda meme. Global All Cause mortality hasn’t changed from March, ’20 to today. A meme is non-infectious. By ~2010 the traditional print, radio and TV media were bankrupt from advertiser flight and bought up or outside funded by billionaires, including Gates, and multi billion hedge funds with agendas. The media, always a servant of masters, is now one united non-independent, puppet string controlled, institution with one message: fear. BBC is CNN is NYT is CBC is all of them with 24/7 hysterical threat of doom and gloom. In 2020 Gates-funded Christian Drosten invented a Covid RT-PCR procedure with no virus. Drosten invented it. Within two weeks a group of international scientists and PCR experts filed a petition against Drosten, who was also hit with a cease & desist, to retract the fake test and its paper on the grounds of ten fatal flaws. Later the same year Portugal’s Court of Appeal threw out and banned Drosten’s invention from use in Portugal. In early 2020 US. Sec. of HHS, Alex Azar, president of Johnson and Johnson (USA), legalized the US CDC to commit criminal offences in the US, the use of Research Use Only (RUO) PCR as primary medical diagnostic tool for a claimed virus that doesn’t exist. The CDC designed a PCR procedure to detect Influenza A and B. It flopped and the CDC quit but not commercial private contractor kits employed under falsified emergency authorization by a drug industry exec who soon after declared a pandemic state of emergency with np disease pandemic to declare any. The president of one of the manufacturers of a chemical injection, not vaccine, made crime legal and invented a false state of emergency. The only health issue associated with the media meme, that an undiscovered virus causes a protein to bond to ACE2 receptor cells, is caused by the injections of all four primary manufacturers. Each “Covid vaccine” causes, deliberately, what is called “Covid-19.” Research the subject yourself.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-01-19	Emily-Doyle-71	[]	You remember those “choose your own adventure" books? Well, I'll let you choose your own adventure! Are you a selfish sociopath? If you answered yes, keep reading. If you answered no, scroll a little further: I am a selfish sociopath Guess what? Being young and healthy with no preexisting conditions is no guarantee that this virus will spare you! Even if your chance of dying is pretty low, dying is not the only bad result of covid. I would know, because my brother had covid, he's in his early 30s, athletic, and healthy, and he was knocked out for a month and still hasn't gotten back to himself 100% One in 10 people who tested positive for covid got an adverse reaction that lasted more than a month. Three reactions include heart and lung issues, kidney issues, cognitive impairment, circulatory problems, erectile dysfunction. In short; if you want to stay “young, healthy, and with no existing conditions,” get your damn shot as soon as you can and wear your damn mask until then! Don't convince yourself that you're invincible! This disease is nasty! It'll knock you down and keep kicking you down! I'm not a selfish sociopath Good! Congratulations on being a decent human being (yes, the bar is set that low, what can we do?) Even if you're in the lucky 90% who don't have lingering side effects and don't mind being knocked out for a week or two (my friends reported feeling like they wanted to die for the entire time!), think of all the people you come in contact with! Elderly people, people with disabilities, service workers, cab drivers, regular people on the street. Statistics say that not all of them will be as lucky as you! Would you be able to live with yourself knowing you gave a disease to someone that left them disabled for the rest of their life or even killed them in a slot painful death? Even if you decide the risk is worth it for yourself, who gave you the right to make that calculation on behalf of all the people you come into contact with? Get the shot!
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-06-26	Kay-Erikson-1	[]	It’s Not a vaccine and it is the most dangerous of any vaccine ever used with a logged death rate over 1000% higher than any previously approved vaccine. They are only using it to keep the economy open from total collapse, by people too afraid to leave their homes. If 1 in 1000 people died or because permanently disabled form it, they deam it still worth it. Most Republicans are not in fear over covid, not hiding at home etc (thus the whole mask issue). Most Dems are, and believe the news and do not have access to the data. Technically, it’s a genetic experimental treatment.You are asking a question that has inaccurately made a statement. Taking tha vaccine has caused many thousands of deaths. In the US alone , the cdc has verified about 6,000. It is believed that 6k is about 1% of the actual deaths, because most reported deaths are not being approved as proven covid vax deaths And many are not reported to vaers (the cdc death and disability vax accounting system). Many shots were given by cvs workers and other non drs. When the patients died a few days later, the hospital/morgue receives the body and marks it as heart attack (the ones with heart inflamation called myocarditis), or stroke (the ones who’s blood vessel in brain pops/aneurysm). The third percentage usually died from full body inflamation or lung inflamation/suffocation. The receiving hospital and morge doesn’t list it or report it as a covid vax death unless a close relative comes to identify the body And puts two and two together, And knows when they got the shot, And is willing to admit the shot caused their death, And then it gets reported to vaers, And vaers decides if it’s going to be counted in the death tally by approving it as a proven vax death. Most Dems are in denial. My father got shingles from the shot and wouldn’t report it, denial. My friends parents both were found dead 7 days after they had the shot on the same day. It was reported to vaers but not approved or counted as a shot vax death because they said there was no proof that a stroke seven days later would be caused by the vax. It is statistically impossible for two people to die from a stroke on the same day, exactly 7 days after a vax ( that is known to cause blood clots inflamation and strokes). Another lady I know, her mom died a few days after the shot. Her mom was about 65 and had gotten covid and recovered a month earlier. I have seen much data suggesting people who get covid after shot one, near the time of their shot like within a few months, or a month after, get an exaggerated inflammation reaction and die from that. So, I know 3 dead from the shot & yet zero dead from covid.remeber these are all considered experiments. It has never been shown that these reduce the likelihood of covid, (over half of all new cases are fully vaxed people). The changes to you are permanent and pass down to all your future children. Why risk destroying human genetics just due to irrational fear? Most people who get covid won’t even know it because their immune system just kills it before they get any symptoms. Only elderly and people with compromised immune systems (usually with inflammatory immunocompromised people mainly) get symptoms and realize they have covid. Now thought people that had the shot, their systems for the yfirst tube are having a huge reaction and they are getting sick and symptoms form covid. The highest death rate during all months of covid, in Israel, (the month they vaxxed over half of all citizens) was the month they gave their citizens the genetic expiramebtal vax. That shows all deaths not just approved deaths. Therefore they now know more deaths are caused by the vax then covid itself. There are multiple lawsuits now.there is no reason for an informed person to risk their life with the vax and future health when drs now know exactly how to treat covid, the hospitals are empty, there is no longer a concern as we now know what to do. There are excellent home treatments that cure most and beyond that for the fragile immunocompromised the hospital know exactly what to do to keep their patients cured. It’s Not a ventalator! Those caused much death.the companies who made the vax put billions of dollars on the line to produce these shots yet now nobody wants them. So, there are massive propaganda campaigns to convince people to take them. The news tells people, who are dumb enough to believe everything they hear …even from kids on tv that are told what to tell people by their company owners….that the shot saves and people not taking it are stupid and killers who they should hate. They are offering people money and gifts. They are lying and putting reports out that many people or more than half of people are taking the shot. That’s not at all true. Have you seen the graduation videos from a u I eristy showing the section with 10k empty chaira for the vaxxed families and 10k full chairs for the unvacxed families? There is a ton of actual proven data that proves to me less than 32% of the population has taken the shot.why would anyone trust their life and health (even 1200 kids young bits died this month from heart inflamation after taking the shot) and remember those are just the Reported numbers And accepted reports. The cdc even changed vaers reporting system several months tha ago and told drs it was no longer advised or necessary to report any covid vax deaths to the cdc vaers reporting system. They gave the explanation that they originally just wanted to see what the nyne ta would show and they have their data and don’t need anymore. This has made drs aware of the cdcs fraud and coverup of the the deaths and over 600,000 cases of disability and Er reactions like heart attack stroke paralysis. Drs are the largest group who refuse the shot. cdc officials, government officials, military are all the second largest groups to nit take the genetic experiment. what does that tell you? That the most informed individuals won’t take it and the least informed do.dems are considered the least informed individuals. There have been studies that show this. Apparently they believe what they are told in the tv. They did pills and surveys asking people that regularly watch the tv and tv news like msnbc Cbs cnn numerous question. Such as how many black deaths by police occur on average each year? (Pre Biden when deaths have soared) They would answer somthing like 1,000. Republicans answered more correctly with something like 200. The ave for the last five years is 240. Police had shot twice as many white people. Dems gave the number for white as 25. Republicans gave the number 300. These stats are similar accross all subjects. The Dems tended to give answers that were inline with the propaganda from tv. While Republicans gave closer responses true to the data. They cited their news sources as several sources not on tv and research. Ask any Republican stats on the “vaccines” and they will be likely I nformed. And any dem and they will parrot what the tv propaganda says. They will say there’s so few deaths they barely count as millions got the shot and it’s all that will save us we will all die from covid and the vaccine saves us it’s safe and great and people who won’t take it we should judge and hate and are stupid people who believe crazy conspiracy theories. That’s the propaganda on the tv regarding all subjects.Most people not taking the genetic experimental shot either work in medicine and have seen the death, heart attacks, strokes, paralysis, etc from the shots. Or, they know someone who died from the vax. Often they don’t even know anyone who died from covid. They got covid already and it was no worse than a cold for them, so why risk their life. They already have the antibodies which actually work and show up, yet the vax doesn’t provide people antibodies that show up on tests. Or they just have the facts and don’t see any need to permanently change their health, with an expirament that has never shown safety or benefit. The only animal test done left the animals dead. The companies all requested that there be no way to sue the for deaths in all countries before being willing to offer their shots.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-07-04	Richard-Greco-3	[]	Why would you be concerned about having antibodies since December if you have not yet been vaccinated? Unless, of course, you suffered a bout of COVID-19 and recovered from it and THAT was the source of the antibodies which seems to be your case. In that case, the answer is a very probable NO, you are not protected. The reason is that it is generally felt that having had the disease makes you immune for about 3 to 4 months only which would indicate that you were protected until about March. We are now in the 4th month beyond March (today is the 4th of July) and you are probably no longer protected against ANY strain or variant of the virus, let alone the Delta variant. You would be extremely wise to get vaccinated just as soon as you possibly can. Tests indicate that the vaccines that are now being used do give adequate protection against the Delta variant. Even if you were to get vaccinated and then contract the disease anyhow, your symptoms would be extremely minor.
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2020-07-19	Frank-Fredericksen-1	[]	Yes. By definition, if it’s mandatory… Should it be mandatory? Only for working with people, going to school, shopping, going to large public gatherings or traveling in any vehicle but a personal car. For covid-19, we need a minimal safe fraction of 75% immune people to quench transmission. I assume people will want to be immune and hit that number voluntarily. There do seem to be groups that refuse vaccinations and then congregate together so that they transmit the disease among themselves. If they were the only ones impacted, I’d be tempted to say “Darwin” and move on, but there is a real chance of them killing immune compromised and lower immunity (elderly) people. Selfishly, if the vaccine has less than a 2% chance of killing me, I probably come out ahead at my age. Slightly less selfishly, my mom is nearly 90, and I’d like to protect her from being infected by me (not that she wouldn’t get vaccinated herself).
How-safe-are-the-different-COVID-19-coronavirus-vaccinations	2021-07-09	Eka-care	[]	Yes , Covid-19 vaccine has been declared safe in pregnancy both for the mother and child. Pregnancy is a time when women are more susceptible to severe form of infections and Covid-19 infection itself is considered a risk factor for premature deliveries . As per latest government guidelines , Covid-19 vaccine is safe in pregnant and breastfeeding women. However if you are still unsure, you can discuss it with your gynaecologist before getting your vaccine.
